edgecrusher23
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/2759288608/36bbf85242a7e6186427401f8c20bf35_400x400.jpeg
@BernardGoldberg Obama's family Owns the Hawaiian Electric CO. and nobody knows it he could single hand-idly fix Baltimore's probs?
@ShannonBream Obama's family Owns the Hawaiian Electric CO. and nobody knows it he could single hand-idly fix the economic problems in Balt.
@seanhannity Obama's family Owns the Hawaiian Electric CO. and nobody knows it he could single hand-idly fix the economic problems in Balt.
@FoxNews Obama's family Owns the Hawaiian Electric CO. and nobody knows it he could single hand-idly fix the economic problems in Baltimore!
Does anyone know that Obama's Family Owns the Hawaiian power supply company?????? why isnt he donating to fix Baltimore???
Obama's family Owns the Hawaiian Electric CO. and nobody knows it he could single hand-idly fix the economic problems in Balt.
@GerriWillisFBN  If Obama care is his plan and idea what happened to the budget? I guess the dog ate that too? He should be ashamed!
@teresasutt @gretawire Only 2 years as a senator and didn't pass a single bill, now no budget after 4 years going on 8? How is Obama pres.?
@Jennafnc @KarlRove Only 2 years as a senator and didn't pass a single bill, now no budget after 4 years going on 8? How is Obama President?
@Jennafnc Only 2 years as a senator and didn't pass a single bill, now no budget after 4 years going on 8? How is Obama still president?
@gretawire The president says he is not responsible for Obama care when there is a problem? the buck stops at him, the dog eat that too?
@seanhannity Only 2 years as a senator and didn't pass a single bill, now no budget after 4 years going on 8? How is Obama still president?
RT @PRyan: #Obamacare's problems are multiplying. We want answers. Sign the petition today! https://t.co/GZrYhO0Om8
@PRyan The president says he is not responsible for Obama care when there is a problem? the buck stops at him, the dog eat that too?
@MonicaCrowley The president says he is not responsible for Obama care when there is a problem? the buck stops at him, the dog eat that too?
@georgecarl1955 @seanhannity The president says he is not responsible for Obama care when there is a problem? the buck stops at him!
@BillHemmer The president says he is not responsible for Obama care when there is a problem? the buck stops at him, I guess the dog ate it?
@marcorubio The president says he is not responsible for Obama care when there is a problem? the buck stops at him, I guess the dog ate it!
@KarlRove The president says he is not responsible for Obama care when there is a problem? the buck stops at him, I guess the dog ate it?
@seanhannity If Obama care is his plan and idea what happened to the budget? I guess the dog ate that too? He should be ashamed!
@GovMikeHuckabee If Obama care is his plan and idea what happened to the budget? I guess the dog ate that too? He should be ashamed!
If Obama care is his plan and idea what happened to the budget? I guess the dog ate the budget too? The President should be ashamed!
The president says he is not responsible for Obama care when there is a problem? the buck stops at him, I guess the dog ate his homework?
@oreillyfactor Only 2 years as a senator and didn't pass a single bill, now no budget after 4 years going on 8? How is Obama still president
@BillHemmer @SJDolbs Exactly Bill, and if the health care budget looks anything like our countries budget, oh wait we dont even have one?
I can tell u this, If i was senator and didnt pass a  bill in 2 years and became president with no budget for 4 years i would be fired!
@PRyan Only 2 years as a senator and didn't pass a single bill, now no budget after 4 years going on 8? How is Obama still president?
@cstirewalt Im nervous about the presidents health care plan budget! if its anything like his budget for the country since we dont have one!
Im nervous about the presidents health care plan budget! if its anything like his budget for the country oh thats right we dont have one!
Im nervous about the presidents health care plan budget! if its anything like his budget for the country it does not look good!
@Reddy @DanaPerino How good can the Obama care budget be?? he cant make a budget in 4 years? going on 8 Its killing our business's
@Neil_Irwin How is Obama care going to work when after 4 years going on 8 with no budget for the country? he makes a heath care budget?
@EJDionne  @JustinWolfers How good can the Obama care budget be?? he cant make a budget in 4 years? going on 8, Its killing our business's
@MonicaCrowley  How good can the Obama care budget be?? he cant make a budget in 4 years? going on 8 i gotta laugh he is a comedian right?
Only 2 years as a senator and didn't pass a single bill, now no budget after 4 years going on 8? How is Obama still president?
@loudobbsnews Only 2 years as a senator and didn't pass a single bill, now no budget after 4 years going on 8? How is Obama still president?
@foxnewspolitics How is Obama care going to work when after 4 years going on 8 with no budget for the country? he makes a heath care budget?
@BillHemmer Only 2 years as a senator and didn't pass a single bill, now no budget after 4 years going on 8? How is Obama still president?
@BillHemmer How good can the Obama care budget be?? he cant make a budget in 4 years? going on 8 i gotta laugh he is a comedian right?
@peterjohnsonjr How good can the Obama care budget be?? he cant make a budget in 4 years? going on 8 Its killing our business's
@gretawire How good can the Obama care budget be?? he cant make a budget in 4 years? going on 8 Its killing our business's!
How good can the Obama care budget be?? he cant make a budget in 4 years? going on 8 i gotta laugh im sorry he should be a comedian
@gretawire Only 2 years as a senator and didn't pass a single bill, now no budget after 4 years going on 8? How is Obama still president?
Only 2 years as a senator and didnt pass a single bill, now no budget after 4 years going on 8? How is Obama still president?
@krauthammer How is Obama care going to work when after 4 years going on 8 with no budget for the country? and he makes a heath care budget?
@megynkelly How is Obama care going to work when after 4 years going on 8 with no budget for the country? and he makes a heath care budget?
@marcorubio How is Obama care going to work when after 4 years going on 8 with no budget for the country? and he makes a heath care budget?
@FoxNews How is Obama care going to work when after 4 years going on 8 with no budget for the country? and he makes a heath care budget?
@BillHemmer  How is Obama care going to work when after 4 years going on 8 with no budget for the country? and he makes a heath care budget?
@hannityshow  How is Obama care going to work when after 4 years going on 8 with no budget for the country? and he make a heath care budget?
@JoeTrippi Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using it to get elected? unacceptable
@TeamCavuto Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using it to get elected? unacceptable
@loudobbsnews Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using it to get elected? unacceptable
@GerriWillisFBN Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda has been decimated and on the run" using it to get elected? unacceptable
@GerriWillisFBN Our President is horrible, Instigating terrorist's? If Oprah hadn't paid for the presidency our country would be alot better
@MonicaCrowley Our President is horrible, Instigating terrorist's?, If Oprah hadn't paid for the presidency our country would be alot better
@MonicaCrowley Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using it to get elected? unacceptable
@newtgingrich Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using  to get elected? unacceptable
@cstirewalt Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using that to get elected? unacceptable
@foxnewspolitics Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using it to get elected? not good
@kimguilfoyle Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using it to get elected? unacceptable
@marcorubio Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using that to get elected? unacceptable
@oreillyfactor Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using it to get elected? unacceptable
@GovMikeHuckabee Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using to get elected? unacceptable
@greggutfeld Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using that to get elected? unacceptable
@SenJohnMcCain Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using it to get elected? unacceptable
@seanhannity Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using that to get elected? unacceptable
@gretawire Obama instigates terrorist to get elected" al qaeda  has been decimated and on the run" using that to get elected? unacceptable
@seanhannity The president instigates terrorist to get elected and Oprah paid for it she should be brought up on charges for being clueless
@seanhannity Our President is horrible, Instigating terrorist's?, If Oprah hadn't paid for the presidency our country would be alot better!
@GrahamBlog Our President is horrible, Instigating terrorist's?, If Oprah hadn't paid for the presidency our country would be alot better!
@oreillyfactor Bill i love your show but the FBI has the video of them putting backpacks in the garbage, so they are sure of the suspects
@oreillyfactor all the people there in Boston 2 people put backpacks in the garbage that would stand out to anyone especially the FBI review
@oreillyfactor  Bill the FBI has video of the guy dropping the bag in garbage, only 2 people put backpacks in the garbage, they know
@newtgingrich Obama instigated the bombing in Boston by stating "al qaeda has been decimated" using that to get elected caused huge problems
@JoeTrippi Obama instigated the bombing in Boston by stating "al qaeda has been decimated" using that to get elected caused huge problems!
@GrahamBlog Obama instigated the bombing in Boston by stating "al qaeda has been decimated" using that to get elected caused huge problems!
@SenJohnMcCain Obama instigated the bombing in Boston by stating "al qaeda has been decimated" using that to get elected caused big problems
@MonicaCrowley Obama instigated the bombing in Boston by stating "al qaeda has been decimated" using that to get elected caused huge problem
@gretawire Obama instigated the bombing in Boston by stating "al qaeda has been decimated" using that to get elected caused huge problems!
@seanhannity Obama instigated the bombing in Boston by stating "al qaeda has been decimated" using that to get elected caused huge problems!
@foxnewspolitics Obama instigated the bombing in Boston by stating "al qaeda has been decimated" using that to get elected caused problems!
@oreillyfactor Obama instigated the bombing in Boston by stating "al qaeda has been decimated" using that to get elected caused big problems
@GovMikeHuckabee Obama instigated the bombing in Boston by stating "al qaeda has been decimated" using that to get elected created problems
@TeamCavuto Obama instigated the bombing in Boston by stating "al qaeda has been decimated" using that to get elected caused huge problems!
@krauthammer Obama instigated the bombing in Boston by stating "al qaeda has been decimated" using that to get elected caused huge problems!
@krauthammer Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@TeamCavuto Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@oreillyfactor Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@greggutfeld Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@MonicaCrowley Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@hannityshow Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@gretawire Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@GovMikeHuckabee Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more tax
@DennisDMZ Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@kimguilfoyle Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@BretBaier Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?clip?
@marcorubio Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@washingtonpost Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@stephenfhayes Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@cstirewalt Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@FoxNews Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@megynkelly Governor Romney clearly pointed out during the debate that Obama created the sequester as his plan, now he wants more taxes?
@TheReneeWyatt Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@FoxNews Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@KarlRove Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@Jennafnc Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@marcorubio Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@fredthompson Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@PatriotsTribune Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@TheRichWyatt Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@ThePaigeWyatt Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@kurtneilwyatt Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@hannityshow Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@gretawire Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@SenJohnMcCain Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@GrahamBlog Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@GovMikeHuckabee Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@megynkelly Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@cstirewalt Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@stevenrinella Awesome people, Awesome recipes, Awesome Food!, Awesome hunts, keep up the good work!
Protect our 2nd Amendment rights by calling and signing the petition you can also Donate if you wish, 1800-350-5886 Thanks!
@washingtonpost Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada for a speech?
@TeamCavuto Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada to give a speech?
@RepPaulRyan Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada to give a speech?
@marcorubio Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada to give a speech?
@krauthammer Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada to give a speech?
@megynkelly Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada to give a speech?
@hannityshow Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada to give a speech?
@gretawire Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada to give a speech?
@SenJohnMcCain Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada for a speech
@GovMikeHuckabee Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada for a speech
@oreillyfactor Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada for a speech
@loudobbsnews Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada to give a speech
@DanaPerino Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada to give a speech?
@greggutfeld Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada to give a speech?
@cstirewalt Our Senators have taken care of the immigration bill, why is Obama Wasting tax payer dollars to fly to Nevada to give a speech?
@cstirewalt Rob Emanuel should be fired, and Obama should be impeached for illegally extorting funds from banks for personal, political gain
@DanaPerino Rob Emanuel should be fired, and Obama should be impeached for illegally extorting funds from banks for personal, political gain
@megynkelly Rob Emanuel should be fired, and Obama should be impeached for illegally extorting funds from banks for personal, political gain
@GrahamBlog Rob Emanuel should be fired, and Obama should be impeached for illegally extorting funds from banks for personal, political gain
@RepPaulRyan Rob Emanuel should be fired, and Obama should be impeached for illegally extorting funds from banks for personal political gain
@greggutfeld Rob Emanuel should be fired, and Obama should be impeached for illegally extorting funds from banks for personal political gain
@hannityshow Rob Emanuel should be fired, and Obama should be impeached for illegally extorting funds from banks for personal political gain
@MonicaCrowley Rob Emanuel should be fired, and Obama should be impeached for illegally extorting funds from banks for personal gain
@oreillyfactor Rob Emanuel should be fired, and Obama should be impeached for illegally extorting funds from banks for personal gain
@SenJohnMcCain Rob Emanuel should be fired, and Obama should be impeached for illegally extorting funds from banks for personal gain
@GovMikeHuckabee Rob Emanuel should be fired, and Obama should be impeached for illegally extorting bank funding for companies
@gretawire Rob Emanuel should be fired, and Obama should be impeached for illegally tampering with the rights of business's extorting banks
@megynkelly Megyn I think you touched on the perfect article today, in large city limits a weapons ban can work along with mental awareness
@FoxNews Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@KarlRove Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@TheRichWyatt Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@stephenfhayes Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@oreillyfactor Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@BretBaier Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@TeamCavuto Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@DanaPerino Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@ShannonBream Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@krauthammer Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment soon
@newtgingrich Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@megynkelly Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@hannityshow Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@greggutfeld Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@gretawire Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@SenJohnMcCain Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@MonicaCrowley Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@GrahamBlog Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@GovMikeHuckabee Obama cant create a working budget in 3 years, and he is taking our guns away? we are asking for articles of impeachment!
@brithume The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement, by the way we are the people living in those districts! Finally we see
@hannityshow The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement, by the way we are the people living in those districts! not good
@DanaPerino The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement, by the way we are the people living in those districts!
@gretawire The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement, by the way we are the people living in those districts!
@greggutfeld So the congressman are looking out for America and Obama wants the money for himself, He thinks they are to worried about us?
@gretawire So the congressman are looking out for america and Obama wants the money for himself, He thinks they are to worried about us?
@oreillyfactor So the congressman are looking out for america and Obama wants the money for himself, He thinks they are to worried about us?
@SenJohnMcCain So the congressman are looking out for america and Obama wants the money for himself, He thinks they are to worried about us?
@DanaPerino So the congressman are looking out for america and Obama wants the money for himself, He thinks they are to worried about us?
@brithume The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement was the "congressman are too worried about their people back home" us
@krauthammer The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement was the "congressman are too worried about their people back home"us
@gretawire The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement was the "congressman are too worried about their people back home" us?
@hannityshow So the congressman are looking out for america and Obama wants the money for himself, He thinks they are to worried about us?
@FoxNews The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement was the "congressman are too worried about their people back home" us?
@MonicaCrowley The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement was the congressman are too worried about their people back home
@GrahamBlog The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement was the "congressman are too worried about their people back home"
@GovMikeHuckabee The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement, by the way we are the people living in those districts!
@hannityshow The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement was the "congressman are too worried about their people back home"
@gretawire The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement was the "congressman are too worried about their people back home"
@greggutfeld The president showed he doesn't care in his last statement was the "congressman are too worried about their people back home"
@greggutfeld If a lunatic ran down 100 children with a snow plow would we ban them across america and publish a list of owners online??crazy
@gretawire If a lunatic ran down 100 children with a snow plow would we ban them across america and publish a list of owners online?? crazy
@GrahamBlog If a lunatic ran down 100 children with a snow plow would we ban them across america and publish a list of owners online?? crazy
@DennisDMZ If a lunatic ran down 100 children with a snow plow would we ban them across america and publish a list of owners online?? crazy
@krauthammer If a lunatic ran down 100 children with a snow plow would we ban them across america and publish a list of owners online??
@DanaPerino If a lunatic ran down 100 children with a snow plow would we ban them across america and publish a list of owners online??
@megynkelly If a lunatic ran down 100 children with a snow plow would we ban them across america and publish a list of owners online??
@hannityshow If a lunatic ran down 100 children with a snow plow would we ban them across america and publish a list of owners online??
@GovMikeHuckabee If a lunatic ran down 100 children with a snow plow would we ban them across america and publish a list of owners online??
@TheReneeWyatt Obama is playing politics with this tragic shooting using this to push his agenda to now remove our gun rights ask Rich Wyatt
@hannityshow Obama is playing politics with this tragic shooting, and has canceled Rich Wyatt's show! Impeach Obama!
