salvadorean316
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/421692078293549056/9ncwB8Ka_400x400.jpeg
Damn dude, she even called you "fuckboi".
Fuckin' chump, you crack me up dawg. Lol
Everyone's biggest fear is getting played while being loyal.
RT @yungturd: if ur mad b mad. dont let some1 tell u anger is wrong. be mad and yell and tear shit up.
The only time you catch me up at church is a funeral.
I knew about Logic two year ago, when no one knew who he was. And people are just now getting on him. Wack fucks. #HipsterThoughts
I like how my mother and I see eye to eye on the discussion of interracial relationships.
RT @Drrrake_YMCMB: Jesus out here taking selfies. http://t.co/yGVLMLZMRu
RT @KushNMusicss: RT to make a black girl mad lmao 😂 http://t.co/4RYfim1ESG
Modesty is beauty.
Logic-Set The Tone
SO THE FEDS CAN'T FIND A LITTLE GIRL OR A FUCKING MISSING PLANE BUT THEY CAN FIND A LIL ASS SACK OF WEED BETWEEN A NIGGAS NUTS
It be that murda business.
RT @fucktvler: If I actually "spoke my mind," I'd be in deep shit.
Over the winter I using papers. It's been a while ole blunt. http://t.co/jCXHSrTLTP
You can't turn a hoe into a housewife. Some dudes be hella to tho. #StupidAsses
If they gave me life in prison, best believe I'm going out in a shootout with them before they can take me in. Fuck a life sentence.
When people think I'm from Mara when I tell them I'm Salvadorian.
ASAP Rocky - Long Live A$AP
@jameswhitfiel10 Rollin', that shit was too funny. Haha
Penny loafers is my choice of shoes.
You've got to be fucking kidding me? Chill out bro. Getting outraged for no reason.
Flying Lotus - Fall In Love
XXYYXX - You Are Why I Am Invisible
7:00 am http://t.co/6Z5aakwhh6
Have you been so mad that you hit a motherfucker with another motherfucker?
My mind is living on cloud 9 and this 9 is never on vacation.
Sesh time?  @Amollyfitano
"One day it's gonna burn you out."
Californication
Niggas nowadays are acting brand new.
@Karillee_perez Man Roger.. fucking up lol.
RT @AlgorMortis316: I'll take this shit you call a life in a single fucking breath.
@Karillee_perez Roasted.
RT @SnapBackTC: Bitches be jumping Dick To Dick playing Thotscotch and shit.
This blunt is a personal today.
RT @Living_Eazy: I bet you're naked under all of those clothes, slut
Justifying yourself and denying will not change what's actually true.
RT @jameswhitfiel10: Hi my name is James and when i'm bored and alone i like to cover my naked body with money.
RT @TheDrugTribe: It's hard to get me mad when I'm high
The shit hoes say... you guys bring laughter to my life. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Thanks for making my days.
Riiight....
Yeah it is pretty boring out here now that you mention it. #JokesOnYou
Man... all this roasting has wore me out.
I'm proud that my number isn't in the 20's like you. That would be fucking disgusting.
At least I don't need 4 hands to count how many sexual partners I've had. Pipe down Alex, you're just making yourself look ridiculous here.
I don't get "Laid". I don't sleep around with tons of girls. Cause that's not my style. Only time is with the girl I'm actually with.
"Shoutout to all the 6's out there who think theyre 10's. Stay dreamin'." #NiggaAntonio
@Onlydarcey Cause it's "Roast Hour of the Week" and also... probably cause I give no fucks.
Its not judging if it's true. Its just me "expressing an opinion."
Yep, she's butt hurt for sure now. Mission Accomplished.
Lmao. Ah.. the giggles. Sure, whatever you wanna say. You salty much?
RT @BadAdviceDog: teacher: y r ur eyes red

me: allergies

teacher: yea ur allergic to that 
dank ass kush

me: hell yea

teacher: hell yea
@ravenstown6 Hella salty.
I remember when I drove the fuck out to El Dorado to give that junkie her fix. "Everything but sex" class A slore right there.
Oh you want me to take a poke at you now? Sure, gladly.
Correction: everyone, not just Ron.
So did Alyson ever get hit by Ron? Cause that one night at Myles's party, she was tryna hella give Ron the puss. Oops..
I remember when Jenn got her ass stomped at the old NEM by Alejandra.
Sadie won first place for the Most Ran Through Girl competition.
Roasting spree? I think yes. Let the games begin.
Some of you girls from Northeast Magnet are the type of girls to let the whole squad hit. Nasty asses..
Now accepting applications for a stoner girl to roll my blunts.
If your man charges you to smoke with him or in general, you better leave that nigga. Real gentleman provide their women with free weed.
@Onlydarcey 's hate game is too serious tonight. She tryna crack skulls.
@Onlydarcey you watch yours. Don't make me show up at Xenon.
Rolling a fat fucking doobie right now &gt;&gt;&gt;
@salvadorean316 @Onlydarcey bish nigka. Wut?
@Onlydarcey Wont fight me doe?
In my experience, the prettier a girl is, the more nuts she is.
You gon duck dat butt doe?
@Onlydarcey  What? Yung Salami? Hmm...
Bitches be ducking like: http://t.co/JtUrU5M336
Swagfagging it. #mostniggasbelike http://t.co/d4YWPVsnI1
Beards on beards. #FukWitMe http://t.co/pbfBOhE48S
RT @TrapDrugs: I like raving because it's just a bunch of naked girls everywhere
RT @Carly_Prior: If you smoke Bronsons I have no choice but to assume you have a close relationship with methamphetamine.
Abundant amount of weed would be nice right now.
Sometimes beauty isn't all physical.
When girls wear leggings every day to feel noticed. Are you guys really that insecure that you need to show your ass to the world?
There's two things you can't take back: bullets out of your gun and words out of your mouth.
RT @CoreyKeyz: Damn, I need more friends! 🙊😏 http://t.co/tPzbCmFZrO
RT @CoreyKeyz: When you see the ugly person your ex downgraded to http://t.co/O7XDWvpfpT
"Nobody honestly wants their ex to be happy, it's all lies. Hope that bitch suffers."
If a girl surrounds herself around hoes, automatically you're gonna make any guy think you're one.
RT @farmerhooper: Bang bang
Motivated by money, sex, drugs and violence, cause the era we're living was built up on defiance.
Pull out the Mac and watch them freeze like PC's.
Never been a man of faith but God.. don't let the leukemia take my cousin's life. I'm begging you...
A milf is a sexy ass mom over 35. If you're 20, you're just a bitch with a baby.
See, if we lie to the government, its a felony. But when the government lies to us, its politics.
If I smoke you out, I expect you to smoke out too. Shit ain't free anymore.
Sometimes you're right. Js. http://t.co/1YR27bc6Gk
RT @Suppplauren: Im going to hell for thinking about excision in church.
"Is the girl of my dreams? Is she as good as what she seems? Or am I lying to myself? Or should I try to get some help?"
Greed has poisoned men's souls.
@TVEMike Booty Game too strong for this guy.
So you stated dating him December 11, 2012, but didn't you fuck some completely different for a cigarette on December 18, 2012.
Love is not DP's and gangbangs. Js. #GetchoLifeRight.
Bitches act local but think they're global.
My eyes and ears are always alert.
RT @dvnhlms: When you and your homie are walking around and you both smell some dank http://t.co/SYrnLw2veV
Hi bitch, bye bitch. #unfollowed
You gonna be whoring it up tonight.? Watch you do something stupid and regret it tomorrow. Hoes these days... crack me the fuck up. Lmao.
I don't have the energy to pretend I like you today.
Man been clocked in from that 4:30 am to 4:30 pm shift.....fuuuuuck.
"Power Trip"
Fuckin' Trilla
Booty game too strong with white girls nowadays.
NEM throwed the weakest proms. Y'all  gonna blow your money for nothin'. I'm telling you. Unless you smashing that night, only good part.
I remember my senior prom. Showed for ten minutes. Then me, my date, the squad and their hoes went to a house party to tear some shit up.
I just don't give a fuck.
@Cvolkman3 "Cause every I come around, they be hollerin' that, whoop de whoop, blah say blah, he say she say, oh my god, shut the FUCK UP."
@alykatsli an eye on her. And how am I a horrible person for stating what my opinion is. Don't like it, unfollow me. Could really care less.
@alykatsli -___-Yes the man is horrible for murdering a little girl but she would of never got taken if her parents would of been keeping
@alykatsli I blame it on bad parenting, maybe if her parents would of kept more of an eye on her and not allow her to go out by herself.
@alykatsli Then all of this could of been avoided.
This Amber alert really needs to shut the fuck up on my phone. My phone is going off every ten minutes. I get it already.
Some people in this world really shouldn't of been the fastest sperm.
Are you salty because you're a cheater and you don't want to accept it?
If you're the one who fucked over your past relationship accept it was your fault, you just look fucking ridiculous denying it.
Its probably true, you're just the one wanting to look like the victim.
Shieet. It is what it is.
So you cheated on your ex boyfriend?, cool. Good luck finding a man who can trust yo ass.
Would your family disown you if they knew every single thing you had ever done in your life?
Fuck that, I would rather just stay on that forever alone status than start fuckin' around with these types of females these days.
When Worlds Collide by CES Crew
Look bitch, fuck you, fuck that nigga you fuckin', and fuck that other nigga you fuckin'. #Salty
Spanish girls are where its at. Js.
Everlast "What It's Like"
If your boyfriend tells you to stop talking to a certain dude because he knows his intentions, listen to him. Us guys know other guys.
Swangin'
20 year old ass niggas treating life like their still in their adolescent stage. #YouGotHairsOnYourPeaches?
If you wear snapbacks still, you still haven't grown up. That shit is for kids bro.
Like what, whore yourself out. Bitches already doing that. Ain't shit new. Conceited ass.
CatFish Billy
Ayyee. http://t.co/MzeGAM7aGZ
RT @shreddyfuckingk: But a thirsty bitch that's that bitch that iont like!!
#CutOff
Now that's pretty easy. Js.
Nope.
Yung Lean.
#DyingOfLaughter
My mom just said "what is that" about my ex's current boyfriend. She was like "Thats a fucking male acting like a chick "
There's always something people look down on me for.
Plus it's periodically, not a every day thing.
I understand if you're not cool with it. I won't.
This loud is TOO loud. http://t.co/1VxIIoLdwO
RT @JessTheMess014: I'm so over seeing all of these stupid couples.👎
@JessTheMess014 True :) I like the way you think. I got that same concept but at times it easy to forget it.
@JessTheMess014 I try not to. But being the reason why they're on my shit list, they always find some way to fuck with my nerves.
Its easy for me to make enemies anymore its sickening, people are looking for an excuse to jump in my shit list.
Understandable
Yep.... should've asked her on a date earlier. Fuuuuuuuck.. #InTheFeels
I'm so irritated with Dillon's flower delivery serivce right now...fuck you guys.
Thinking about sending sunflowers or roses to Vanity or BK. Real shit. #justbeinghonest
"@ICT_confessions: "I had friend zoned this guy, not knowing how big his dick was. When I found out we became fuck buddies."" Most chicks.
Don't mind me, I'm just " killing my brain cells" tonight.
Some dudes nowadays are hella gross.
I wish NE hall of shame was still around. Niggas was getting roasted on that page. #tbt
One question: Are you down with the brown?
One thing the majority of people do not know about me: I can make a guitar cry.
"Inhale the future, exhale the past"
@JessTheMess014 Touche :)
@JessTheMess014 We shall see :) Bet you won't throw the first blow tho. Haha
@JessTheMess014 Well prepare for a bloodbath :) you don't even know what's coming. Lol
@JessTheMess014 I can tell :) You're always on to me about something. Haha. Two can play this game..
@JessTheMess014 Damn.. straight putting me on blast now. Thanks for poking at me then. Haha. I just like saying what I feel.
@JessTheMess014 Alrighty lol. Got a little panicked there.
Its just the girls that push them WAY up to where its noticeably awkward.
I never said anything bad about girls with smaller boobs. Some girls actually know how to rock em'.
@JessTheMess014 Fucking Jessica... Lol.
When you mess up, girls always have 2-3 guys waiting to be subbed in.
When bitches be trying to fake big tits. Lil' ass b-cups.
Push-up bra game too strong on Twitter.
People who are riding on the parents money and don't got to do shit, let alone work. FUCK YOU GUYS.
You know you're hood when you still do duck faces. Quack.
Girls that go out of their way to let every social network know they have a boyfriend and exactly who he is, seem very insecure to me.
Girls are gonna lose their shit with this new Johnny Depp movie  " Transcendence"
I still fucks with Myspace and AIM.
Nigga came thru with the loud package. Yezsir.
Me and #oomf used to have some crazy conversations back at NEM. You name it, we talked about it.
I got a nickname a while back and till this day I stay true to it.
The brow game is serious with a lot of girls on twitter.
#Venting
Money'll make those same friends come back around swearing that they were always down. Believe that.
I will solemnly stand by every statement I stated.
When highschoolers are still getting all shitty cause they still got school today.
I'm just fed up.
I'm tired backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins.
While I'm under the influence of marijuana, I see things most people don't see. See the truth in people and what their REAL intentions are.
It ain't even worth it anymore.
When people try to treat you like you're fuckin' stupid  while your high. I hear and see everything. Fuckin' done, smoking in general.
