YourGFh8tsme
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/565677369378488321/VcoU4_vC_400x400.jpeg
If I hear that one more time im fucking out.@bloose14
Nigga. You dont even know @bloose14
Dude. I just injected so many Marijuanas @bloose14
@UberFacts @bloose14 Fag. I wove jew. Have a good day boo boo!
Birthday cake for breakfast at work bc ima thug.
RT @UberFacts: Happy #NationalBestFriendsDay! http://t.co/Oem1TJQgSg
Working at my mommy's work again. Love it here!
Working with your parent at an establishment is really awkward.
Wishing I could decorate my cap :(
GRADUATION PARTY!!!! If your interested DM me and ill give you the info!
Still no date to prom because I'm unattractive and awkward
I get my tattoo in 18 days. Holy fuck me.
If i don't see @bloose14 here sometime soon ill kill a bitch.
I'm not complaining because i like it but still...
My moms boss just gave me a company coat....I don't even work here!
All my moms coworkers want me to stay but I cant because of school :(
I hate working but I love money!
Spring break is gonna kill me...
Been up all night, working all day and im sick. fucking great.
Some people can't take a joke.
It's upsetting that people are so inconsiderate.
Can't sleep because my toes are ice cubes at this point.
@bloose14 I don't know...I still feel like I'm dying and I look like I'm dying
Need to stop getting injured
Got 4 tubes of blood taken. A shot and I get another shot tomorrow as well as got referred to an orthopedic specialist.
I hate doctors.
I've been with Tyler for almost a year and a half...that's kinds terrifying...
Actually I'd be fine with any sort of frozen fruit at this point.
Really want some frozen blueberries.
Finally cleaned out my car
So much failure in one day.
So hungry. So tired.
In need of a bowl of shrimp Alfredo with broccoli
I miss my main bitch @bloose14
Some people are just so damn confusing.
We're stuck here for two more hours...fucking awesome.
Guyssss I hate professional dress because I'm freezing!!
RT @patpatthecat: Me: *refuses to talk to crush*
Me: why isn't he in love with me yet?
I'm so tired of waiting....
Super excited to get my nipples pierced
Am I supposed to be able to see the stage or??? #WADECA
@C_Filkiins where are you guys???
@C_Filkiins http://t.co/fPtBsHcwRS
The only relationship I care about is my own. It makes things a lot easier
My allergies can just go away...
I should not have partied that hard last night
With 2 words my anxiety and depression are at an all time high again. This is great.
Yay. Love getting into arguments with people.
My dog woke me up because he was snoring so loud. This sucks, I just wanna sleep.
#ihearti90wildlife http://t.co/4YOxodYp1u
Old music gives me the feels...
Love the fact that my parent's are so supportive. Not! 😞
Sweet tart suckers are really sour 😝
RT @RalphArciga: "Home is wherever I am with you" (aka my flask filled with liquor)
So fucking tired of being lied to.
I love that my sister is always there for me
I have a serious addiction to buzzfeed
I finally snapped on some lady for saying that I was a "good mom" to my NIECE!!!!
RT @Iifepost: "How is 2015 going so far?" http://t.co/FSWHzGkreB
RT @abbybock: Wearing sandals greatly improves my quality of life. Free toes = free spirit
I'm totally joking. I've literally never done drugs in my life.
Guys cake is code for drugs.
I'm in need of cake.
I talk to my dog as if he can understand me...
I might die guys...
Closet full of dream clothes  #MyDreamIn5Words
RT @redbull: #MyDreamIn5Words Endless supply of Red Bull. http://t.co/UTVpLNT6Wc
I've ate so much candy today...
@whoremo4ns I miss nights like this http://t.co/5FPTzkny5H
My doctor doesn't know what's wrong with my back.
I hate doctors. I hate doctors. I FUCKING hate doctors.
Coming to school for 2 periods today
I need a job.
Got to talk to my love. Luckily there's only a few days left of him being in the field.
Slowly starving to death...
The struggle of being lazy and hungry is so real rn.
Hate that my boyfriend is in the field rn.
@JacobWhiteElk the only he we had was to keep researching our topics
Really need to get this blood pressure/sugar/iron thing figured out.
I'm laying in bed with 2 big blankets, on a heating pad, right next to a heater and I'm still freezing.
Honestly think my mom would be better off without her current husband.
My dog is so small but he thinks he can attack everything.
How to make me happy: let me take naps, let me eat whenever I want, let me yell at who I want to
I'm hungry therefore upset.😩
I wish I had a bathroom in my room so I didn't have to walk as far to go pee.
Why is it that when we talk to strangers our voices change?
I love Tyler to death but I really don't like that he's a marine. Only because of the distance between us.
This will be the second Valentine's day that I've been with Tyler but haven't physically been with him.
I love listening to my boyfriend talk even if I don't understand what he's talking about because its just nice to hear his voice.
@whoremo4ns We all miss you :'(
Too bad I can't get another pet 😢
People only adopt baby animals and it makes me sad. Yeah there cute now but they grow out of it.
I really want to adopt an older dog. I hate when dogs get put down.
@whoremo4ns Hey I know we haven't really talked much lately but I thought I'd let you know my grandpa has cancer in his blood...
Wishing I had gone to sleep sooner...
Fuck you bitch ass nigga bitch @bloose14
Guys my dog doesn't even love me. He just wants me for my food.
My mom called me to tell me that she didn't want to find the remnants of an orgy when she gets home...
I just want to take a nap...for 5 years.
This is the newest addition to my life. http://t.co/yBbrZDnn3n
Spent the last three nights crying myself to sleep.
@bloose14 YAY 😍😍😍
@bloose14 Sure, come to my house after school?
@bloose14 Lets do senior movie night tomorrow?
@bloose14 I know 😳
@bloose14 I miss you too
"Whatever you do. Don't find your doctor off Craigslist."
My cousin gives me the weirdest advice.
Really want a peanut butter, banana, and honey sandwich right now.
Some people so so immature it's sickening.
It's funny how hard people try to be original.
Totally just tripped over my own feet
I told my dog that I loved him then he walked away.
God my body is so fucked up...
Oh and anemic, and having high blood pressure, and having scoliosis.
Besides being borderline diabetic that is...
So I really need to figure out what's wrong with my body.
@Arexanderr Is that a fat joke?
I refuse to eat yellow skittles or starburst.
@Arexanderr I actually eat a lot. I have a high metabolism
Haven't ate since yesterday...that's probably not good
Cheer up fuck face. Things get better.
@KatThaBlonde That place is a trap
@KatThaBlonde This is what happened when I went http://t.co/zulhLtk7Jt
My dad found me in the truck, hugged me and cried with me.
I'd give anything to go hunting with him one last time.
Sat in my grandpa's truck today wearing his big button up shirt and cried.
I hate being home alone. My house freaks me out when it's empty.
Seriously wishing I could just move in with Tyler or his mom right now. I love them both so much.
Today I learned that you shouldn't try to go to school if you've only gotten 3 hours of sleep.
I'm always hungry.
My house is so damn cold.
Fuck migraines.
Contemplating going home because I need sleep
I love not having a 1st period
I've been eating all day. This isn't good.
I didn't even watch the game. In all honesty I could care less about who won. It doesn't effect me at all
I've done all of that while watching a kid. What have you done with today? (Besides eat.)
Today I've managed to clean a house, make dinner, do laundry, shampoo carpets and clean my car.
From now on if I think someone is cute im going to make it really obvious that I think there cute.
UPDATE!  Cute guys name is Tristan and he gave me his number!
So some cute guy works at Macy's and he heard me say he was attractive. Im embarrassed.
At times I'm too hard on myself and others I'm not hard enough. I need to find a good medium.
I'm almost 18 and I haven't done anything with my life.
I'd rather spend time like this then go out and party. http://t.co/cR5SYsfEfK
I find it funny I can't sleep without saying "I love you" to three people every night.
Honestly think I'm addicted to cupcakes
"What's your last name?"
Me: "Walker"
"No it's not! It's limper!"

So tired of hearing these jokes.
My foot shouldn't be the size of a cantaloupe and be violet.
It's almost been a week since I fucked up my ankle and it's still not better.
RT @RalphArciga: Oh my god Vic Fuentes is babe af http://t.co/A1MW8tLHL5
I can't sleep unless my room is freezing cold.
I don't understand how some people become famous.
I wish I knew how to knit
I wish someone would rub my shoulders
Need food!!
You'd get even more accomplished if you'd sit down and just talk instead of yell.
I don't understand why people fight. Like honestly you get more accomplished by yelling then hitting.
My 25 pound dog thinks he can defeat the evil hair dryer that's "attacking" me
It's not that it's just the fact that people are so judgemental.
I'm sorry I don't know what the Fuck is wrong with me.
Pets have better judgement then most people anyway so I'll listen to scruffy.
If my dog doesn't like you then I don't like you.
Seriously need to figure out what's up with my ankle because this is bs
Insanely swollen ankle. Possibly back to the Dr tomorrow. Awesome. 😞
Crutches are not fun. AT ALL!
So hungry yet so crippled
I still eat chicken nuggets with ketchup instead of other sauces. Is that weird?
Forever wishing I could get married to Johnny Depp
My armpits are going to be bruised by the end of the week.
Tomorrow is going to be interesting.
Can't sleep because pain... http://t.co/D8Gz1VUrHO
The guy that works at Macy's is attractive.
So hungry and Anna won't feed me
Violets are blue,
Roses are red,
Fuck you I'm going to bed.
If anyone knows of any puppies up for adoption please let me know!
Trying to convince my mom to get another dog
I need to get up but I don't want to put pants on.
In need of more ice creme
Update guys I have strep throat
Been waiting at the doctors office for over an hour and I still haven't been seen.
Always trying to cover the scars for the wellbeing of others.
I cut deeper to smile wider.
I actually enjoy reading my horoscope and I try and listen to the advice it gives me.
This will be my death.....stupid art final has to be due the week I'm dying. http://t.co/vQBBRaA4eU
It's depressing that I can't hold myself together. Things are getting bad again.
Now my past is coming back to haunt me.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuckedy. Fuck.
Naps make everyday better
Wait someone wanna clear things up for me?
Unless you talked to me this afternoon
So if anyone seen my schedule it changed
@ike_rumors What the fuck?
RT @ike_rumors: My sources tell me that Kelsey Walker is a lesbian.
I'm so excited that I don't have a first period next semester
Making awkward eye contact with a guy you know is cheating on his girl friend...awkward
@JacobWhiteElk we have photo together next semester
You got me in the palm of your hand.
@bloose14 sums up our relationship 😂😂
@bloose14 lol I've noticed that
