AutumnKinky
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1733701698/autumn_bennett_400x400.jpg
The less we know, the longer the explanation. B. G.
It is not economical to go to bed early to save the candles if the result is twins. ~Chinese Proverb
Flies spread disease - keep yours zipped. ~Author Unknown
My cock doesn't talk politics. ~S. A. Sachs
What's the three words you never want to hear while making love? Honey, I'm home. Ken Hammond.
For I can raise no money by vile means. William Shakespeare
Woman was God's second mistake. FRIEDRICH NIETZSCHE, The Antichrist
Assumptions are the termites of relationships. Henry Winkler
To confine our attention to terrestrial matters would be to limit the human spirit. Stephen W. Hawking
It is not sex that gives the pleasure, but the lover. Marge Piercy
A woman wears her tears like jewelry.  ~Author Unknown
A human being. . . An ingenious assembly of portable plumbing. Christopher Morley
Bachelors know more about women than married men; if they didn't they'd be married too. H. L. Mencken
Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex. Karl Marx
It is impossible to travel faster than the speed of light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off. Woody Allen
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot. Groucho Marx
Money without brains is always dangerous. Napoleon Hill
A woman occasionally is quite a serviceable substitute for masturbation. ~Karl Kraus
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us. Bill Watterson
There is no such thing as society: there are individual men and women, and there are families. Margaret Thatcher
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.  — Margaret Fuller
Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. Rush Limbaugh
The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play the violin.
All the reasonings of men are not worth one sentiment of women. Voltaire
I hate women because they always know where things are.  ~Voltaire
He who tampers with the currency robs labor of its bread. --Daniel Webster, 15 Mar 1837
Those who set out to serve both God and Mammon soon discover that there is no God. ~Logan Pearsall Smith
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got. —Janis Joplin
In a show or a movie, one must work with many people. Many women just don't have the time for it. Dorothy Fields
If you use the electric vibrator near water, you will come and go at the same time. ~Louise Sammons
Were kisses all the joys in bed, One woman would another wed. ~William Shakespeare, Sonnets to Sundry Notes of Music, IV
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgment of others. Wayne Dyer
Before we make love my husband takes a pain killer. Joan Rivers.
My philosophy of dating is to just fart right away. Jenny McCarthy
What laughter is to childhood, sex is to adolescence. Martha Beck
A man chases a woman until she catches him.  ~American Proverb
Older women are best because they always think they may be doing it for the last time. ~Ian Fleming
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history. GEORGE ELIOT, The Mill on the Floss
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
A man is usually more careful of his money than he is of his principles. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Love looks not with the eyes but with the mind.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing. Redd Foxx
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place. Billy Crystal
If you use the electric vibrator near water, you will come and go at the same time. ~Louise Sammons
Sex is hardly ever just about sex. Shirley MacLaine
We've chosen the path to equality, don't let them turn us around.  —Geraldine Ferraro
Smile, it's the second best thing you can do with your lips.
I do earnestly wish to see the distinction of sex confounded in society, unless where love animates the behaviour. Mary Wollstonecraft
More people are bribed by their own money than anybody else's. --Jonathan Daniels
So if I was dating somebody now and the relationship didn't work out, I'd take that as failing. Gavin DeGraw
My girlfriend bought me a down jacket, she said it fit my personality. Jay London
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. Bob Dylan
Nothing is perfect. Life is messy. Relationships are complex. Outcomes are uncertain. People are irrational. Hugh Mackay
Love is the difficult realization that something other than oneself is real.
We were happily married for eight months. Unfortunately, we were married for four and a half years.
It upsets women to be, or not to be, stared at hungrily.  ~Mignon McLaughlin, The Neurotic's Notebook, 1960
I expect Woman will be the last thing civilized by Man.  ~George Meredith
Assumptions are the termites of relationships. Henry Winkler
You can find women who have never had an affair, but it is hard to find a woman who has had just one. Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Pornography is the attempt to insult sex, to do dirt on it. ~D. H. Lawrence
What would men be without women? Scarce, sir . . . mighty scarce. Mark Twain
No one would remember the Good Samaritan if he'd only had good intentions; he had money as well. Margaret Thatcher
In passing, also, I would like to say that the first time Adam had a chance he laid the blame on a woman.  —Nancy Astor
To get to a woman's heart, a man must first use his own.  ~Mike Dobbertin, quoted in A 5th Portion of Chicken Soup for the Soul
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition. Timothy Leary
In the duel of sex woman fights from a dreadnought and man from an open raft. H. L. Mencken
Money often costs too much. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Woman is the only creature in nature that hunts down its hunters and devours the prey alive. ABRAHAM MILLER, Unmoral Maxims
A man can be short and dumpy and getting bald but if he has fire, women will like him. Mae West
One of the things being in politics has taught me is that men are not a reasoned or reasonable sex. Margaret Thatcher
It has beeen said that the love of money is the root of all evil. The want of money is so quite as truly. --Samuel Butler
Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another; but women are by nature enemies. Arthur Schopenhauer
Deprived of meaningful work, men and women lose their reason for existence; they go stark, raving mad. Fyodor Dostoevsky
For flavor, instant sex will never supersede the stuff you have to peel and cook. Quentin Crisp
Women are never stronger than when they arm themselves with their weakness.  ~Marie de Vichy-Chamrond
My wife is a sex object. Evertime I ask for sex, she objects. Les Dawson
You show your vulnerability through relationships, and those feelings are your soft spot. You need to have a soft spot. Victoria Pratt
Desire is in men a hunger, in women only an appetite. ~Mignon McLaughlin, The Neurotic's Notebook, 1960
I've never preached one sermon on money, on just finances. I want to stay away from it. Joel Osteen
The use of money is all the advantage there is in having it. Benjamin Franklin
My boyfriend calls me 'princess', but I think of myself more along the lines of 'monkey' and 'retard'. Alicia Silverstone
Those who set out to serve both God and Mammon soon discover that there is no God. ~Logan Pearsall Smith
We've chosen the path to equality, don't let them turn us around.  —Geraldine Ferraro
It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man. Jack Handey
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs less. ~Brendan Francis, Playboy, 1985
I've never had to pretend to be having sex with somebody. I'm like the queen of the foreplay dissolve. Julia Roberts
Women dress alike all over the world: they dress to be annoying to other women.  ~Elsa Schiaparelli
After a number of years dating, we decided we were good partners. Melinda Gates
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands. H. L. Mencken
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you. Will Rogers
A fool and his money are soon elected. Will Rogers
Men look at themselves in mirrors.  Women look for themselves.  ~Elissa Melamed
Many societies have educated their male children on the simple device of teaching them not to be women. Margaret Mead
Car sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due. ~Author Unknown
I've never preached one sermon on money, on just finances. I want to stay away from it. Joel Osteen
I wish I was dating one of the ladies in 'Bollywood Hero.' They're gorgeous. Any of them. Chris Kattan
When women go wrong, men go right after them. Mae West
Don't do it behind the garden gate. Love is blind but the neighbors ain't! ~Author Unknown
No matter what a woman looks like, if she's confident, she's sexy. PARIS HILTON
The real story is that I had unprotected sex. That's that. That's easy. Magic Johnson
Money isn't everything. It's just most everything. --Nica Clark
There's very little advice in men's magazines, because men think, I know what I'm doing. Just show me somebody naked. Jerry Seinfeld
He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money. Benjamin Franklin
Women may fall when there's no strength in men. William Shakespeare
A human being. . . An ingenious assembly of portable plumbing. Christopher Morley
When a man goes on a date, he wonders if he is going to get lucky. A woman already knows. Frederike Ryder
The women's movement hasn't changed my sex life. It wouldn't dare. Zsa Zsa Gabor
If you don't want to work, you have to work to earn enough money so that you won't have to work. Ogden Nash
Men get to be a mixture of the charming mannerisms of the women they have known. F. Scott Fitzgerald
Those who believe money can do everything are frequently prepared to do everything for money. ~Author Unknown
Pornography tells lies about women. But pornography tells the truth about men. ~John Stoltenberg
The trafficking of sex and violence is comes after the demand for ratings. Norman Lear
For women the best aphrodisiacs are words. The G-spot is in the ears. He who looks for it below there is wasting his time. ~Isabel Allende
I have certain moral parameters that I do not cross in writing; I don't write about adultery or kids having premarital sex. Nicholas Sparks
A man can sleep around, no questions asked, but if a woman makes nineteen or twenty mistakes she's a tramp. Joan Rivers (1935 - )
One of the best things people can have up their sleeve is a funny bone. Unknown
When you let money speak for you, it drowns out anything else you meant to say. ~Mignon McLaughlin, The Second Neurotic's Notebook, 1966
Men who don't like girls with brains don't like girls.  ~Mignon McLaughlin, The Second Neurotic's Notebook, 1966
The tragedy of sexual intercourse is the perpetual virginity of the soul. ~William B. Yeats
Money often costs too much. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Are you trying to tell all of us we have a bad signal-to-noise ratio? Heinlein
There are three ways to spread news:  telegram, television, and tellawoman.  ~Author Unknown
You have to be born a sex symbol. You don't become one. If you're born with it, you'll have it even when you're 100 years old. Sophia Loren
Ah, women.  They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent.  ~Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
Men get laid, but women get screwed. ~Quentin Crisp
Right now I'm pretty single... My career is my boyfriend. Christina Aguilera
It upsets women to be, or not to be, stared at hungrily.  ~Mignon McLaughlin, The Neurotic's Notebook, 1960
Don't have sex man. It leads to kissing and pretty soon you have to start talking to them. Steve Martin.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.  — Margaret Fuller
My father told me all about the birds and the bees, the liar - I went steady with a woodpecker till I was twenty-one. ~Bob Hope
Science may be described as the art of systematic over-simplification. Sir Karl Raymund Popper
Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells. ~J. Paul Getty
I'm not really a homosexual. I just help them out when they're busy. Frank Carson
My girlfriend bought me a down jacket, she said it fit my personality. Jay London
If you work on a lobster boat, sneaking up behind someone and pinching him is probably a joke that gets old real fast. Jack Handey
Before we make love my husband takes a pain killer. Joan Rivers.
I love being a single mom. But it's definitely different when you're dating. Brooke Burns
If a woman shows too often the Medusa's head, she must not be astonished if her lover is turned into stone. HENRY WADSWORTH LONGFELLOW
If your best friend has stolen your girlfriend, it does become life and death. Ben Kingsley
When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life; now that I am old I know that it is. Oscar Wilde
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. -- Jim Rohn
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. ~Yogi Berra
When I'm with my friends' teenage children, I always say, 'Are your friends having sex yet?' Sharon Stone
A man is usually more careful of his money than he is of his principles. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. ~Woody Allen
When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life; now that I am old I know that it is. ~Oscar Wilde
Don't marry someone you would not be friends with if there was no sex between you. William Glasser
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons. ~Woody Allen
Women keep a special corner of their hearts for sins they have never committed.  ~Cornelia Otis Skinner
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work. ~Robert Orben
Rumors about me? Calista Flockhart, Pam Anderson, and Matt Damon. That's who I'm dating. Ben Affleck
It is easier for women to succeed in business, the arts, and politics in America than in Europe. Hedy Lamarr
Sex is a two-way treat. Franklin P. Jones
Women dress alike all over the world: they dress to be annoying to other women.  ~Elsa Schiaparelli
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his. Oscar Wilde
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save. Will Rogers
Against the assault of laughter, nothing can stand. Mark Twain
For the first time in history, sex is more dangerous than the cigarette afterward. ~Jay Leno
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe. Carl Sagan
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money. Benjamin Franklin
A woman wears her tears like jewelry.  ~Author Unknown
Women speak two languages - one of which is verbal.  ~William Shakespeare
It upsets women to be, or not to be, stared at hungrily.  ~Mignon McLaughlin, The Neurotic's Notebook, 1960
Women are never stronger than when they arm themselves with their weakness.  ~Marie de Vichy-Chamrond
The trafficking of sex and violence is comes after the demand for ratings. Norman Lear
Long before history began we men have got together apart from the women and done things. We had time. C. S. Lewis
An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex. Aldous Huxley
You reach a point where you don't work for money. Walt Disney
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's . 95 a minute. ~Author Unknown
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money. Walt Disney
A relationship requires a lot of work and commitment. Greta Scacchi
If a woman shows too often the Medusa's head, she must not be astonished if her lover is turned into stone. HENRY WADSWORTH LONGFELLOW
What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy? Ursula K. LeGuin
Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex. Karl Marx
If you can lie, you can act, and if you can lie to crazy girlfriends, you can act under pressure. Joe Rogan
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs less. ~Brendan Francis, Playboy, 1985
Ah, yes, divorce, from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. Robin Williams
Do you not know I am a woman? when I think, I must speak.  ~William Shakespeare, As You Like It
A hen is only an egg's way of making another egg. Samuel Butler
Sex is more exciting on the screen and between the pages than between the sheets. Andy Warhol
One is not born a woman, one becomes one.  ~Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex, 1949
I don't know any of us who are in relationships that are totally honest - it doesn't exist. Richard Gere
Sex lies at the root of life, and we can never learn to reverence life until we know how to understand sex. Henry Ellis
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you. Carl Gustav Jung
He who tampers with the currency robs labor of its bread. --Daniel Webster, 15 Mar 1837
Dodi got a lot of criticism when he began dating Princess Diana. No one seemed to think he was good enough for her. Lorna Luft
The girls that are always easy on the eyes are never easy on the heart.  ~Author Unknown
Life is a sexually transmitted disease. R. D. Laing
A great city is that which has the greatest men and women. Walt Whitman
You know, of course, that the Tasmanians, who never committed adultery, are now extinct. ~W. Somerset Maugham, The Bread-Winner
Money is like muck, not good except it be spread. --Francis Bacon, The Essays or Counsels
People get stupid when they’re in love.
Don't wait for the good woman. She doesn't exist. CHARLES BUKOWSKI, letter to Steve Richmond, Nov. 1971
Money is the barometer of a society's virtue. Ayn Rand
When men and women agree, it is only in their conclusions; their reasons are always different. George Santayana
Money is power, &amp; you ought to be reasonably ambitious to have it. --Russell H. Conwell, Temple Univ, 1877
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. -- Jim Rohn
I'm not very experienced with boys or the whole dating thingy. Vanessa Hudgens
When I'm good I'm very, very good but when I'm bad I'm better. Mae West.
