dizzzydaze
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1813475080/allison_400x400.jpg
Ugh. Hate death
Ahhh today is my «cure hangover day»
Ahhhhh night(:
RT @_keldon_: People always say pigs can't fly like they've never seen a police helicopter before.
Gonna go eat a mini snickers....or 234
getting a new phone soon! know what that means? TWEETING ALL THE TIME(:
I finally got everything for my halloween costume(:
My Chinese Laundry heels finally came! ((: fucking cute flowery wedges :D
Talk to meh &lt;3
oh how boring Tumblr can get.
Might be taking a Trip down to Utah to see @DannyAfuckingA, six hour drive will be very worth it(:
I would love to be talked to more on here, id prolly get on more, haha(:
@CallMeDillion haha very very(: she likes to attack people when they sleep :3
@CallMeDillion thank you! She's my baby &lt;3 her name is Lucy, she's mean xD
RT @nananatasha_: Spelling a word so wrong, not even spell check has a correction for it.
People dont deserve what they dont appreciate.
Why am i so in love with Skrillex? why? Why is Sonny so amazing? (:
i dont tweet very much, not like i used to. i usually only tweet events in my life i want to remember(:
This is the fucking example of how stoners forget everything. soph has had  to walk back to her house (not kidding) four times (:
im going to bed im too tired. wah.
RT @gh0stofyou: Feet don't fail me now.
you can tell im sitting at home..bored..when i update my facebook status every two minutes.
if you want something done, you have to do it yourself. people wont do shit for you!
cant wait for halloween! im gonna be a spider(:
i have no friends on here. none.
fuck that really hit a soft spot.
gonna love sleeping in perm rods all night.........
ugh i dont wanna go to school! i wanna sit here on the computer all day!
i want more followers, oh wouldnt that be nice(: i post nonsense xD
morning!
RT @garettnelson: Dear Radio Stations, please do not play Katy Perry's "Friday Night" Monday morning at 8 AM during my drive to work.
wanna pass out.
skype: allison.shea66
i need a minifridge in my room now(:
i am too tired ugh and i have to get up and shower in the morning ):
when people post " like this picture to stop child abuse" ...liking a picture wont stop sadistic people from beating their children.
I'm happy i dont know you now.
i love having a couch in my room, its so nice(: haha
i keep losing my fucking lip rings and its pissing me off i've gone through two already
just heard my brother yell Tough Shit to my mom....hahaha
i love having a couch in my room &lt;3 weee. gonna get some doughnuts
so happy to have my computer fixed.
ah mah gawd.
Stoned at school :)
Oh boy. Don't i just love school when i'm sick as fuck.
watching THS about @sn00ki, makes me love her even more. i just adore her!
Tabitha'a salon takeover &lt;3
Being in this house brings back so many memories. And now to see it destroyed by a psychotic man makes me feel sick.
No hangover &lt;3
i dont have school tomorrow, yay cosmetology school (:
I WANT A CHEESE BURGER, WITH THREE PATTIES AND EVERYTHING ELSE! RIGHT MEOW!
Pretty fucking tired now, but too addicted to tweeting to stop.
RT @isLissa: I hate when guys constantly talk to me about girls. I don't give a fuck nigga! Lol
Shwasted, pure shwasted.
can i just run around in my underwear?
one wine glass two wine glass three wine glass four! im gonna drink even more!
bahahaha i love wine! SANGRIA! wooh!
My brother is fucking disgusting! lol
Gonna deep condition my hair for a bit, i hope it works, i am not cutting my hair again!
Fried hair sucks ):
#reasonswecantbetogether im a cunt and you're too nice.
My day will consist of Tumblr, Naps, Wine, Food and more Naps.
I was successful at keeping myself from Drunk Tweeting last night(:
if you're a woman beater i seriously hope you get arrested and raped in prison.
Tweet me fuckers(:
If i tell you to Fuck off, its probably a good idea to FUCK OFF.
is it sad that im excited to turn my room into kind of like an apartment? O:
Put those filthy hands back in those dirty pockets.
Writing notes during a color lecture :)
Rant Over. Goodnight.
5. DO NOT SIT IN FRONT OF YOUR MIRROR AND TAKE A SHIT TON OF PICTURES AND THEN POST THEM ALL ON FACEBOOK, PICK ONE!
CHIPPED FINGER NAIL POLISH, A DESIGN LEFT ON YOUR LEG BY SCRATCH MARKS AND THINGS YOU FIND ON THE ROAD (exception for photography)
4. ON FACEBOOK, DO NOT TAKE PICTURES OF WEIRD SHIT ON YOUR BODY SUCH AS.....[next tweet]
3. IF YOU BLEACH YOUR HAIR, MAKE SURE THAT WHEN YOU'RE DONE, YOU CUT OFF THE DEAD SHIT LIKE YOU NEED TO YOUR HAIR WILL GROW BACK.
2. DO NOT COMB YOUR HAIR FROM THE BACK ALL THE WAY FORWARD TO MAKE FRINGE.
1. GIRLS, IF YOU'RE GOING TO GET HAIR EXTENSIONS...GET THEM CUT TO FIT IN TO YOUR NATURAL HAIR STYLE.
RANT!
RT @kylekore: Straight dudes that get naked at parties together confuse the shit out of me. Why does this happen?
i need sleep so i can get up tomorrow. otherwise, i wont get up and i'll regret it. ugh goodnight.
RT @iThinkEpic: It's not tomorrow until you go to sleep and then wake up. I hate it when people say "What are you doing today" just beca ...
My god i am too faded to function. I need some serious sleep.
@ilovetmills you need to make another trip out to Boise again, i will be irritated if i miss you again (:
its not considered a loss losing someone you love if they dont deserve you.
i dont like having dreams that involve my exes. This one followed me around and gave me a racoon...
tweet me, im going to bed though, goodnight &lt;3
gawwd. you can tell i need sleep! i look rough. but not too bad for all day wear and tear .___. http://t.co/oD7gtmrN
If you tweet me questions i will answer them all! ready..set..go!   [wont get any haha]
someone come knock me out so i can go to sleep.
I hate that new limit for asking questions on Tumblr. seriously, fuck you! i have conversations on there...
RT @nickasaur: ↓ is beautiful.
i smell beer DX
i cant wait to come home tomorrow after school and just fucking relax my lazy ass off.
@ilovetmills that would be interesting(:
@ilovetmills yes!
when my room gets to 123123412340918 degrees then i turn on the fan and it gets to -25....wtffffffff!
why do i constantly have to make a new tumblr, likeee every 4 months?
RT @LesslieAyyeEss: Sex: the answer to everything.
i want a twitter b.f.f., awuh wouldnt that be nice.
everything turns out dope.
What is imagination to you?
My body is going back to its old ways. Starting = skinny. bad bad
well off i go to school .___.
robert: did you wear underwear today?  me: ....no   robert: of course.
no, no no no no. i do not want to get out of bed.
Goodfuckingnight. So tired, tweet me if you like, i'll respond in six and a half hours(:
Fact: almost all people call me Cupcake
RT @OMGkimmm: In a relationship, girls are normally the fighters. Guys are just the audience.
this girl posts on facebook: " i can eat what you eat in ten years, in two days"  ... no sorry not how it goes.
RT @garettnelson: Dear Dentist, I would highly appreciate it if you didn't ask me questions. Sincerely, your hand is in my mouth.
I love being in cosmetology school, i get to cut hair and fuck with hair all day long, nothing but fun (:
i need to go to bed soon, gotta get up early tomorrow.
RT @ALLISONGREEN: SEX: it's what we should do.
another thing that bugs me, when people comb all of their hair from the back of their haid to get the 'scene' look. QUIT IT!
sorry, im complaining a lot tonight (:
dont get mad if i dont want to hang out with you.
#PeopleNeedToStop selling shit weed. seriously.
...when people dont stop IMing you on Facebook...seriously, if i dont reply...dont keep sending messages.
wah, i wanted to go see mom in the hospital, yay for gastric bypass surgery!(:
i absolutely hate finding out fucked up shit. blegh.
@afmunera just getting home(: you?
Hi new followers, tweet me (:
RT @Jack_A7X: Swiper No Swiping
i retweet too much
RT @kaylaroyle: meet a really nice girl, have some really nice sex.
RT @JustOisin: Say what... Interrobang‽
RT @matttehh: #AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay I'm a Belieber... I'm a fucking Penguin, we all tell lies guys. xo
Killing spiders with nail polish remover and hairspray
so friends, you left me hanging in a room with a noose and a chair, you told me to stay put and reminded me why i was there.
@garettnelson AMEN.
RT @safertohateyou: If you wear a dress that shows off part of your ass then people will assume that you are a tad on the slutty side. I ...
PAINNNN!
lol i love Friends.
i have already gone down one pant size, now let me go down three more.
RT @hellopeteey: #AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay 'i like justin bieber'
Im just going to be a dick.
RT @bisante: gotta smash 'em all #pokesluts
guess how many followers i have! :D........... fucking 3.
i love being a cosmetologist &lt;3
he's going to prison for-ev-er, he's going to prison for-ev-er, wee! mother fucking woman beater, drug dealing, ak47 having douche bag!
@Gengaaar if it was a deeper red, i think it would look better with your skin tone(: 
if you have blondor where you live, use that(:
@Gengaaar your hair is not black is it. hahah i didnt look at your pictures before hand, my bad(:
@Gengaaar ass to go silver (: it was a pain in the ass to get me to platinum xD you should tone it with a 10v. (:
@Gengaaar have you?(: what color is your hair, it looks black in your icon, so i was just meaning that its going to be a huge pain in the
@Gengaaar good luck xD
to girls who have fantasy color all over your hair, have fun bleaching/coloring over that, it stains your hair until you grow it all out ):
my tongue ring is irritating my gums! f.u.c.k.e.r.r.r.
RT @fuckmyusername_: L.I.F.E.G.O.E.S.O.N.
when you're asked: do you smoke? .... [you] Smoke what?
RT @kaylaroyle: i don't have the proper words to articulate this particular thought at this time.
aghhh you manage to piss me off more than most people!
RT @foreverSimon: i want a stalker
Fuckitimsingle.
i got called the micheline man last night.....it was supposed to be an insult but i have no idea how to take it.
i need to take a cold shower
being cheated on sucks, it changes everything. idk whether or not to end it or work it out.
i noticed that i have a natural slur in my speech /:
obviously i have no reason to tweet, because i have no followers. AWESOME.
why the fuck am i watching American Chopper? O:
So lately i have been not eating as much, (no bored eating) and i went down a pant size! weee! (:
Remade my twitter, still working on it. Used to be @MissAllisonShea. Follow me(:
