ghejheng
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/582606031290662912/mNEA4woF_400x400.jpg
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you, for all I have.
God's never stop guiding us and protecting us.
Sometimes you find yourself in the middle of nowhere, and sometimes in the middle of nowhere, you find yourself.
Don't call me yours if youre flirting with someone else.
I love it when I see old couples together, because it makes me believe that true love does exist.
If you tell me the truth, I'm gonna be mad but I'll get over it. If you lie to me, I'm never gonna be able to trust you again. Your choice.
God has a plan and one day I will understand it, but for now I just have to trust Him.
Crying is not the solution but crying makes you feel better.
You can delete pictures but you can't delete the memories.
Minsan, pagbitaw nalang ang tanging paraan para pakiramdam natin ay gumaan.
God's love is forever.
God's never stop guiding us and protecting us.
Don't be a cigarette. Don't let people use you and throw you. Be a weed. Make them high and let them die 🚬☁️
I don't trust words, I trust actions.
Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once.
“Tell me then, does love make one a fool or do only fools fall in love?”
Look all around you. God's in front of you, beside you, behind you, and above you.
God is working things out for you, even when you don't feel it. Have faith and be thankful.🙏
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
Loyalty is rare. If you find it, keep it.
Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but worse to regret.
Don't trust everything you see. Even salt looks like sugar.
Being contented is the best feeling ever. 💕
Shit happens when you trust the wrong people.
Real friends don't stab your back.
Prayer is the most important conversation of the day.
Happiness is the best revenge.
I am God's number one fan.
I make mistakes, I hurt people, I’m only a human. Sorry I’m not perfect.
Honestly i think about you a lot. all the time actually. in the morning, at night, in the middle of my day. It's you. it's just always you.
I wanna be your last kiss, last love, and last everything.
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end.
Promise is a big word. It either makes something, or it breaks everything.
I am what I am. If you can't accept me, that's your problem.
Girls are not toys to play. Not a free food to taste and definitely not a bubble gum to spit when the sweetness is gone.
No more expectations.. just gonna go with the flow, and whatever happens, happens.
Honestly, I'm glad I met everyone in my life. The good and the bad. The good make me thankful, the bad make me learn my lessons.
I like being alone, listening to music in my own world, away from all the bullshit in life.
Twitter is created to express our feelings.
Lahat ng tao may istorya sa buhay, makinig ka muna bago ka manghusga.
Don't worry about failure. Worry about the chances you miss when you don't even try.
Don't worry about hard times, because most of the lessons we have in life come from changes and mistakes.
God always has a relief for every sorrow and a plan for every tomorrow.
God has perfect time for everything. You must have to trust Him 💪🙏
Google doesn't have all the answers, God does..
I'm not jealous, but when something is mine, it's mine.
The best things happen unexpectedly.
God‘s love never ends.
Stay faithful to one girl, that’s what makes you a real man.
God will lead you where he wants you to be, but you have to talk to him daily to see where he wants you to go. The key is prayer.
"@imlolabashang: I

J
U
S
T

W
A
N
T

T
O

T
H
A
N
K

G
O
D

F
O
R

E
V
E
R
Y
T
H
I
N
G

Retweet if you do.
Life is all about taking risks. If you never take risks, then you'll never know what you're capable of.
Sometimes your heart needs more time to accept what your mind already knows.
You will never know until you try. Don't be scared of trying new things. God will open the door but you have to walk through it.
You deserve someone utterly obsessed with you.
God can't hand you something new until you are willing to let go of the things that are not good for you.
"@BestSagittarius: #Sagittarius will give you her heart in an instant, but betray her and she'll be gone just as fast."
The people who stick by you at your worst, deserve to enjoy being with you at your best.
God can't hand you something new until you are willing to let go of the things that are not good for you.
God always answers ... In His own time and His own way. He knows what is best for you.
I don't care about your - age - weight - sexuality - height - gender - skin color. As long as you respect me, I'll respect you.
Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy.
Make her laugh and you will have her heart.
Lord, thank You for waking me up today. I am healthy. I am blessed. I love You. Amen. 🙏👆
I’m a strong person. But do you know what makes me cry? It’s when I gave my best but I still feel useless.
Sometimes God has to break you down to bless you up. Learn from your mistakes.
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you, for all I have.
Prayer is the most important conversation of the day.
Not everyone is meant to be in your future. Some people are just passing through to teach you lessons in life.
Follow your heart but always take your brain with you.
Use your brain to protect your heart from pain.
"@sagittariuscop3: #Sagittarius enjoy the simple things in life."
"sorry" vs "I'm sorry"
"night" vs "goodnight" 
"bye" vs "goodbye" 
"love you" vs "i love you" 

all have two different meanings
Real friends get treated like family.
Respect other people's feelings. It may not mean anything to you but it may mean everything for them.
A relationship is more than finding the right person, its also about BEING the right person.
Before you assume, learn the facts. Before you judge, understand why. Before you hurt someone, feel. Before you speak, think.
A perfect relationship isn't perfect, it's just that both people never give up.
Beauty isn’t about having a pretty face. It’s about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
Don't mess with someone's feelings if you're unsure of your own.
LWith or without problems, talk to God.
I may see some people happily in love today, but I do believe that it’s gonna be my turn someday.
It hurts when you want someone you can't have. It hurts even more when you've lost someone you've once had.
Busy pa kasi si God sa pagsusulat ng maganda at nakakakilig na lovestory ko.
Bad things are always gonna happen in life. People will hurt you. But you can't use that as an excuse to hurt someone back.
Be careful who you open up to. Only a few people actually care, the rest are just curious.
Be with someone who is proud to have you.
Don't make someone a priority when you're just an option.
Some people come in your life as blessings, others come in your life as lessons.
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
Dear God, thank for everything that happened in my life, I'm Thankful and I love you.
Beauty is not about having the fairest skin or prettiest face. Its about having the purest heart. ☺️
I don't need someone who only sees the good in me, I need someone who sees the bad and still wants me.
I don't want someone perfect in my life. I just want someone real.
Kapag nasayo na, wag mo nang PAKAWALAN. Dahil hindi lahat ng bagay pwede pang BALIKAN.
Don’t push away the people who truly care about you, because one day, you will push them away, and they won’t come back.
A best friend knows you're sad. A best friend knows you're mad. A best friend knows you're crying. A best friend knows you're lying.
I don’t want to be your favorite or your best. I want to be your only and forget the rest.
Minsan kailangan talaga ang tamang oras. Hindi mahalaga kung matagal. Basta matuto ka lang maghintay. Darating at darating ang para sayo.
Follow your heart, but take your brain with you.
on't think of the things you did not get after praying. Think of the unlimited blessings God gave you without asking.
He cheated then he lied. He asked for another chance while she cried. She gave him another, knowing that he'll never change.
Love is not a game.
Yung tipong nagkakagulo kayo tapos may sisigaw ng.. "ANDYAN NA SI MA'AM!!!!!" "Transform ang lahat!" #GalawangEstudyante
I thought I was special, then I realized that you're like that to everyone.
Whatever makes you feel bad, leave it. Whatever makes you smile, keep it.
Don't confuse my personality with my attitude. My personality is who I am. My attitude depends on who you are.
God does not make mistakes, but He creates miracles.
#Sagittarius are very loyal to their friends and enjoy helping others.
Problems are just problems. God is more powerful than them 💪
Never assume that someone likes you by their sweetness, because sometimes, you’re just an option when they’re bored.
I may not be perfect. I may not be everyone's 1st choice, but I'm ME and I don't pretend to be anyone else.
Everything you want comes after you stop looking for it.
Without God I am nothing.
I wan't someone to be afraid of losing me, afraid of cheating over me, and always love me for who I am.
Never let someone take advantage of you. Stand up for yourself, you deserve the best.
You never truly understand love until you experience the love of God.
A best friend is someone you can call at any hour to laugh, to cry, or to complain and to tell everything to.
Someday. I’m gonna be successful, I know it’s not easy but it’s possible, I know it’s not now but someday I will.
Don't be afraid of change. You may end up losing something good, but you will probably end up gaining something better.
Learn to say "Thank you" to the people who helped you, and "Sorry" to the people that you have hurt.
Cheating isn't always kissing, touching, or flirting. If you gotta delete text messages so your partner won't seem em, you're already there.
Dear girls, it is more important to be respected, rather than being beautiful.
Binuhos ko lahat ng PAGMAMAHAL sa kanya. Di ko alam nalunod na pala siya at nagpasagip sa iba.
If you lost my trust, don't expect it back.
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you, for all I have.
God created you that way. Be proud and don't regret.
Dear ex, just because I'm nice to you, doesn't mean I want you back. Sincerely, we broke up for a reason.
Masarap mahalin ang ugali kesa sa mukha. Pero mas masarap sampalin ang mukha dahil sa ugali.
I may not be the greatest person, but I'm willing to learn from my past, failures and wrongs; to be better, smarter, stronger and wiser.
Thank you God, not only for all the blessings, but for the frustrations which have helped me become a better person.
I wish life had traffic lights, it would tell us when to go for it, when to be careful, and when to just stop.
You cannot become wise if you are afraid to make mistakes. Mistakes are stepping stones towards understanding.
Sometimes we don't need advice. We just need somebody to listen.
I don’t believe in forever but I do believe in growing old with someone you love.
A true relationship is someone who accepts your past, supports your present, loves you and encourages your future.
Spend more time with those who make you smile and less time with those who you feel pressured to impress.
When people don't give you importance, it's time for you to keep distance.
It’s a beautiful thing to meet someone who makes you forget your troubles.
Always know the difference between what you are getting and what you deserve.
It hurts when you have someone in your heart but you can't have them in your arms.
I'm a simple person who hides a thousand feelings behind the happiest smile.
A relationship with God is the most important relationship you can have.
Kung hindi man forever ang pagmamahal niya sayo, nandiyan si nanay na nagmamahal sa atin forever.
We never "lose" friends, we just learn who our real ones are.
My life. My choices. My mistakes. My lessons. Not your business.
In the end, promises are just words.
Darating din sa buhay mo ang papahalagahan ka ng taong mamahalin mo.
There are no happy endings.
Endings are the saddest part, 
So just give me a happy middle
And a very happy start.
Minsan kailangan mo talagang magrisk no matter how bad or good the outcome would be.
Stop feeling alone.
Start laughing.

Stop dreaming.
Start believing.

Stop Fighting.
Start loving.

Stop thinking.
Start acting.
Sa panahon ngayon gwapo't magaganda na lang ang habol ng iba. Kaya pag walang humabol sayo alam mo na!
Kung ayaw mong masagot ng pabara, wag kang magtanong ng patanga.
Trust yourself and trust God.
People hear your words, God hears your heart.
He gave me life. He gave me great family. He gave me best friends. He gave me everything that I need. I'm so thankful, God.
I'm scared of getting too close to anyone, because those who said that they'll always there for me, left.
Past is experience. Present is experiment. Future is expectation. So better use your experience in your experiment to meet your expectation.
True love isn't about always being together, Its about loving each other even more each day no matter how much time you spend apart.
A girl just wants to find that guy who will prove to her that they are not all the same.
Sa magkakaibigan, kahit hindi maganda ugali mo, basta totoo ka, tanggap ka.
It's not the goodbye that hurts, but the flashbacks that follow.
"Nothing can stop what God has planned for you."
"One day you’ll smile again like you’ve never been hurt."
Know what you deserve and be patient. Don't ever settle.
Jesus said, “Be enthusiastic and change your thinking”.
Life is too short. So don't commit suicide. Be patient. Maghintay ka. Mamamatay ka din, SOON! Chill. Wag kang excited.
Sa sobrang pagmamahal mo sa kanya, nakalimutan mo na yung mga nagmamahal sa'yo.
Crying doesn't mean that the person is weak, it means that the person has a heart.
A true friend sees the pain in your eyes, even when you have a big smile on your face.
No God = Worthless life
Know God = Meaningful life
My life..
      My choices..
            My mistakes..
                  My lessons..
                         Not your business..👌
Live your life to the fullest even in the simplest way.
Dati halos ikaw ang bumuhay sa inbox ko, ngayon isa ka nalang sa contacts ko.
Be real, be yourself, be unique, be true, be honest, be humble, be happy.
Respect, don't judge. Listen more, talk less. Understand, don't assume. Forgive and forget.
Wag na wag mong habulin yung taong minsan ng pinakita sayong hindi ka niya kailangan.
3 Great things God always give us:
 • The PROBLEM
 • The SOLUTION &amp;
 • The LESSON
Minsan okay na rin yung nasasaktan tayo eh, para magising tayo sa katotohanan.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes. Just be afraid of not learning from them.
Ang mga MANLOLOKO , parang LAMOK , kung kani kanino na dumadapo , NANANAKIT pa at nag iiwan pa ng MARKA.
When life gets harder, challenge yourself to be stronger.
"@PapaJack_: Ang mga lalaki kaya nilang magsabi ng i love you ng harap harapan. Pero duwag kapag magpapaalam na. ~ Papa Jack"
If a #Sagittarius loves you, you're the luckiest person alive.
Live with no regrets. Life is precious!
Ang tunay na nagmamahal ay parang isang lasing sa inuman. Umiiyak. Natutumba. Nasasaktan na. Pero sasabihin pang "KAYA KO PA".
Let go of the past and move forward.
Ang tunay na lalake, mamahalin ka kahit na anong mangyari. Hindi yung iiwan ka dahil walang nangyari.
Happy girls are the prettiest.
Love without reasons is the most beautiful one.
Last minute miracle!! 🙏
God protects all those who are innocent.
By the power of prayer, #MaryJaneLives
Binibigyan ka ng pagsubok ni Lord dahil alam niyang kaya mo.
"@BVPatrolNews: FLASH: President Joko Widodo, gustong magpaturo kay Mich kung paano mag move on."
Loving someone is not about playing safe, it's about taking risk.
Mahirap UMIYAK dahil sa sakit na nararamdaman. Pero mas mahirap tumawa para lang ipakita na hindi ka NASASAKTAN.
If "Plan A" didn't work, the alphabet has 25 more letters. Stay cool.
Sometimes talking to GOD is all you need.
Be careful who you trust, the devil was once an angel.
One day, someone is going to hug you and put together all your broken pieces.
God will NEVER give up on you. No matter what you do He is always there for you, and He endures every circumstance you are in.
