HOLup_itsKEN
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1739834050/image_400x400.jpg
@cherieOhs they need that shit up hereee omfgggg
@cherieOhs bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh dont even start
@victorxiexie is it le gewd?
Ready to go home from work and play some persona4 😩
Opening and closing day 2/3
Just saw a clown doing taichi at west oakland bart station.. http://t.co/cYfmW59Fr3
Shit got my name written all over it http://t.co/L3FVnCeKOZ
PSH.. Sharing size.. More like MY size...
Why do people point the opposite direction of the way you inform them to go...?
Dont you hate it when its raining people drive extra retarded?
Man eating with no appetite is so weird
Man i so dont fcking have the patience for people today, this shift needs to end fast
Sometimes i just fcking hate people .__.
Anybody else who played ff13-2 randomly throw the moogle just for fun even if theres nothing to look for? Ahahah
What do you call a school on a cliff?
Stupid joke time! A strange can is rather unCANny... Bahahah
@cherieOhs na uh! Lol maybe about how he says bitch a lot! what and she picked hotpot? come on girl! LOL jk
@cherieOhs LOLWUT what did i say?! Wait so whats the occassion tonight? I heard about hot pot tonight but ddnt know why
@cherieOhs naww bluhhddd he's been my fevrit LOL only one who seem humane despite all the badass shit happening hahah
Watching the last episode of breaking bad! Nooooo!! This ended so soon! :( #GoodbyeBreakingBad ,my favorite character is jesse pinkman BITCH
#kyitf #movienight #thisistheend , wish i had my camera last night :( http://t.co/NRqVj7fdPP
Not gonna lieee, drhnk as fucjkkkk
At work: an older german lady who barely knew how to communicate with me. At the end of her transaction, she says "good service " ty :)
The dilemma after you get comfortAble in you undergarments and yo friends hit you up to go kikit, #iguess #fckit
Wtfck jason statham
Yo gears of war 3 horde mode be fun as fuck! I dont even know why i even bother with zombies. dat cleaver THO #COLETRAIN
Just smelled some stank, looked up and the guy in front of me is in tears covering his nose, i got up and left my seat... Its my stop anyway
I just had a european customer that looked like a witch, kinda hot.. LOL
The great gatsby was interesting, overall i liked it.. But i think they coulda done it with a difference OST, and visually bad editting. LOL
Lets go GSW ! Im in class but on my break play by play!!
WORST FCKING DAY EVERRRR GKFTLZRJZHBDHVTJ
#GSW We going to round 2!! #30curry true warrior right there, still playing after getting his eye poked out and shit bouta be #2013Champions
Can people who ask for directions be more polite? You know how easy it is to say "i dont know ask the concierge" to your rude ass?
Wow who woulda thought that i'd miss my little brother, when he comes back
Im gonna punch him so hard... LOL naw jk
This guy is talking to my barber with an evil ass laugh at the end of each sentence, Am i in a movie scene? Where the villain gets a haircut
I love staying a little after class and listen debates and questions between another student and our teachers, sit back, take notes.
I dont think im meant to drive in SJ, bouta pop a blood vessel stupidass drivers tho
Smh i just saw a woman walk around a area at bart and pulled her pants down to pee..
I hate when student work studys work at the front desk, you told them what you need, and help 3 other people behind you and forget about you
@cherieOhs no0e :( On my way right now
RIP macbook, :( finally #DED
I hate when i answer the phone with "currency exchange how can i help you?" they go " you do foreign currency exchange right?" .___________.
Y u no lock the doors security, got me working extra early since people are walking in and out, dont nobody wanna even wanna work 1min early
FORREAL LADY you did not just take currency out of your bra and handed it to me. #ratchetassshit lol you can tell im having a bad day..
Things to do at work..tumblr check, research upgrades for the evo check.. What now D:
Where the hell is the "we have the right to refuse service to anyone" sign at? I do not have the patience this morning with bad attitudes..
I dont think people realized that we lost an hour of sleep, lol streets are hella empty
When people give me crumpled up money, i like to take my sweet ass time unraveling their mystery money
Anybody ever had a dream where it was too awesome to let the alarm clock wake you up? As a result i couldnt get to work early but 2min late
I think i just saw a pirate lol
@cherieOhs i work for free this weekend :(
Wowwww fml...
Lol this fucker in my class uses some form of the word "fuck" in every single sentence, so damn angry lol
i swear, either people are lazy ad fuck! Or we really need to reinforce geographical and navigational skills in schools during k-12
@cherieOhs no! &gt;:(
I chose a seat in front of this couple, and it got REALL quiet.. I feel like im third wheelin..
So fcking tiredddddddddd
Its 12 o clock in SF, BITCH why the fck is half your ass hanging out like that? Dont nobody got time for time
Flashback to a party, if a lil bxsh give you shit, mix her shit with light and dark. She'll shut the fuck up in about 10 minutes LOL
Im sitting in front of my teacher on the bart lol, he's doodling like crazy, i wonder if he recognizes me, he's like so into his drawing
Huh... When did they decide to tint the bart windows? Lol
LOL i was doing the oh no you di'int head shake while playing flow free.. And then a cute ass girl comes up ask for change... she saw it smh
I so mad tho, @HarveYort just told me theres a meet nd greet for Stephen Curry in oakland, WHY AM I AT WORK THO..
@linatelo bahahaha 😏
@cherieOhs i do too but she needa stop doing weird shit! LOL crack me ups cuzzzz
@linatelo didnt know you had one 😏
MOM stop mixing my BOOTLEGG ASS CHEX with my AUTHENTIC ass frosted flakes! It tastes WEIRD LOL
Just saw a crackhead bitchslap anther crack head lol
Damn... Gonna be a long depressing week..
Wish me luck on my compression and leakdown test guys :) *deep breath*
My friends said i should act my age, whats my age again?? Whats my age again??
Lolol my classmate who sits next to me looks like will ferrell, i wanna ask him if he wants to shake and bake LOL
RT @AintNoobody: Ghetto people are always naming their kids after stuff they cant afford: Mercedes, Diamond, Bentley, Pearl, Light Bill, ...
i just realized i feel like wiz khalifa everytime i start my car, no keys ... But turn to start :( LOL
Anybody know when wekfest 2013 in SF is supposed to be this year?
This school year gotta start strong and end strong &gt;:( fck yeah 👊 fistbump me
Its colder than a BITCH today fuuuuuu
I like looking at my bank account and roll into a ball and cry like a whimpering baby
I needa take a day a wholeheartedly detail my car lol, i havent seen it detailed and clean in ages. LOL DD evo X tho, so shieeeet
Good morning errybody, i hope your first 2 weeks of 2013 has been going as well as mine, i think this is gonna be a good year for me :)
My professir looks like john travolta
FUCK YEAH ! got in all my classes! &gt;:) time to rock this quarter bahahah!
Another new school habit, sit relatively close to the front of the class :) that way i'd probably feel more involved
I think this class is gonna annoy the shit outta me this year.. Lol so many weird people!
Fuuuuuu one of the most ANNOYING classmates is in the same class as me
Again... FUCK i hope he doesnt remember me
Some people should not be allowed to wake up early.. Ahahah. Straight not a morning person, over here mad at the world and shit, gtfo lol
How you gonna steal my raggedy ass work shoes tho?! They're faded as fck! i guess though.. #timesarehard
The awkward moment when you can smell someones breathing with their mouth closed.. Is that the CO2 exhaling..? jw
Watching halo 4 : forward unto dawn. Really surprised at how much i like it.. Want to play halo 4 now lol
Fatass headache at work.. Cant 9 o clock come sooner?
Its cold in the house, im sick, i dont have any sweats right now, work at 4.. I really dont need this bitchin right now mom... *sigh*
#DinnerWithAriana i nominate @iAmYungKeL @ArianaGrande
Telling my friends all kinds of story about why im grounded. LOLOL feel like a whiteboy with these made up pranks ahah!
This is bad.. Im bouta KTFO at work
Just saw a guy walk out of bart in a suit, but his slacks were baggy.. How the... What the... Whyyyy????
Pandora transitions make me LOL 😂 boyz ii men - end of the road to Big sean - ASS ft nicki minaj
At walgreens buying my new cheap sony headphones, this lady is buying 33 almond joy bars, Y U NO GOTO COSTCO, WHERE IT COSTLESS LOL
Okay..! Fucking paranormal activity ! Okay not bad , lol crazy last 5 minutes
Let's find out if i can make it to UC from alameda in under 20 minutes.. Yeah i think so kna mean cuz #mitsubishi #evo
Lol why do i always count money in my head like a thug, wun too dree fo fyve and then turn vietnamese at sik da sven da ate da nyne
Some crazy hobo tried to fight me when i was trying to market into a hotel... LOL jus ignored him and walked away, he kept talkin shit
I rather listen to justin bieber than gangnam style... Woww lol
Just threw 5 ninja stars at my lil brother while he's playing with his DS
Some chinese guy said ho loy mo geen (long time no see), i have never seen him ever in my life. Dafuq lol
I bet you if getting good grades in school provided immediate award for every good grade you get in cash, there'll be more A students around
@iAmYungKeL @arianagrande I SEE YOU, you dont get numbers, you give em out! OKAY , playa playa! LOLOL jk
@lilyTnumi LOL did you like get in a fight with one and you were just about to kick him in the face,but he beat you to it and stung your toe
RT @lilyTnumi: Fuckin stung by a fuckin bee on the bottom of my fucking toe
These younger kids with the gameboy iphone cases.. Bitch do you even remember the original gameboy? Shit was in green and yellow-ish!
@linatelo maybe they're just a sensitive cunt LOL
My mom better put the peddle to the metal, bouta shit myself kna mean #fuuu
If you live your life by saying movie lines in the same tone and emotion as the actor that said it, i'm sure your life would be awesome.
GAHD DAMN this lady sat down the same time as me and violently ate her food , like a lion eating a gazelle. Actually more violent #dafuq
The only downside to my job is when customers come in with obviously stolen money, theres no way we can refuse it without proof its stolen:/
Cant believe i fell asleep in class today for like half an hour..
THIS is the power of the mind I saw a lady try to reach her hand into her man's pants from the back, i looked at her hand, and she stops LOL
The awesome moment when pandora actually plays the song you put as related content lol #fckyeah #winning
Just seent the traveler hobo almost jump down the rails to get some coins, CRAZY MOTHA FUCKA, and the next train arrives in 2 minutes
a woman with her mother ask me directions to the bathroom, after like 10 seconds leaving my kiosk the mother says what? LOL #oldpeopletalk
@cherieOhs BAHAHAH did that really happen?
@JamesTranYo YO I SEENT THAT FOO TODAY AT WORK DAFUQ, you at westfield?! LOL
Hungrier than a muhhfukka
This fcking body heat on bart.. DAFUUUU
just saw an older couple make out on the bart, caught myself staring and then the man looked and me so i proceeded to tweet this LOL #unasty
Am i the only who feels like you HAVE to start singing and grab your crotch whenever a michael jackson song comes on? #deepthoughts
Thinkin of buying all the pixar blu rays with behind the scenes, and start taking notes for how to work for pixars.. #motivated
I hope these giants fan get off at embarcadero, cuz this shit is crowded to the max #bart #notdabidness kna mean
People who dont know how to use the ATM and spend 20minutes trying to figure it out.. #dafuq #gtfo #stupidass
It seems like ps2 has the best list of rpg games, thats why ps3 NEEDS to be backwards compatible. Whatver nextgen is better have backwards!
Got reminded how much im gonna love my career in animation today, did my first 10second-ish animation. #motivated gonna upload on fb later
Got dropped from my class and swithed toa Friday class, thanks for not caring if i need to goto school on fcking time mom.
Im not gonna lie.. Im starting to REALLY dislike the wingless look on the evoX
I love messing with my little brother when he's tryinf to focus playing a game, and he cant do it back to me LOL
When you're single and miserable you fcking hate PDA, when you're taken and happy, you fcking love it. #truestory
@KaylaMaybe yeeeaahhh KNA MEAN
@KaylaMaybe true true, thats what i always do before i even try, picture it firstt..
@cherieOhs BAHAHA you not eating with fam?
@KaylaMaybe oh yeah?
One day ima dedicate a day to taking pictures with random people that look like celebrities LOL
The look and some girl's face when her bf runs into a girl he just knows. LOL "😡"...😂
@BuddhaHeadd yo get a pillow with an insert and put the book in that shit kna mean
@NikkaayB 👊
@HarveYort SUCK YOUR OWN BIG DICK NIGGA
@HarveYort ima be at work nigga dont trip
Kragen employees why you never effing know what i need, first you dont know what a t bolt clamp is, then you dont know what a coupler is WTF
Saw a kid run up three flights of stairs 3 steps at a time, all that went through my head was "eat shit , eat shit, ear shit.." LOL #fckedup
Some pervy looking dude stuck his head over the glass and asked if there was victoria secret here at the mall... #dafuq
The temptation to GAHD DAMN, when someone is in the shitter next to your urinal , and they just let go of some evil
Holy crap theres a group of white girls damn they're yappy LOL fuuu why did i sit here
Lol theres an old chinese lady rubbing a seat like she wants someone to sit there and caress, she's caressing the pole in front of her too 😂
Theres a foreigner at the mall standing next to my kiosk just straight trollin everyone.. Being straight DOUCHÉ
lol my 2nd teacher stopped giving a shit about class and wont show up till tuesday, stupid layoffs.
@cherieOhs oh okay lol growin them herbs kna mean LOL
@cherieOhs wait wheres that?
@cherieOhs where he work at now? 😱
@cherieOhs lol good! :p ahaha i wonder what turned him brand new
@cherieOhs how brand new? :D
Hoe count from 35th to chinatown 9
Theres a guy dressed exactly like flavor flav at the mall yelling YEAH BOYEEEE
My last customer sounded like Thor LOL
Teachig raymond how to write his chinese name, LOL, born in china you supposed to know how to write your chinese name out of the womb! LOOOL
@HarveYort BXSH! Yo dick is scurry
Gahd damn possession was some scurry shit
@HarveYort dont think so, i haz to draw for my class and shieeet
@HarveYort diewlaylomo dumpring, with duma sauce
@BuddhaHeadd @harveyort DOH MAH FO SHO
@HarveYort naw i chinese dumpring
@HarveYort DAFUQ YEW SAYING BXSH
The second you Skipped a song you like but dont wanna listen to on pandora, then realized how good the song was... #fuuuu
I love how you tell people to go ask the information desk cuz they dont know where a store is, then they ask where, and they dont even go
SO SLEEPY
I think the girl next to me is australian #hot. I always wanted to ask her if she was from aus but scared i might break out an accent LOL
Still not used to some of the weirdos at this school yet... Their humor is a little odd..
Lol surprising my little brother with a new character for his skylander game, but denying that i got it for him, so he's just staring at it.
DAMN, got some customers came in asking for FAO toy store, who else remembers that bigass toy store? It was awesome,too bad they closed down
Theres a little girl next to my kiosk watching what i do lol
I see a crackhead on market street that looks like crazy legs from dont be a menace
Just wanna go home :/
LOL i love making random awkward sounds while running when my parents are home
Just saw a tall version mr.chow from the hangover
Some lady just tried to exchange a chinese hell bank note..
@baybehxsmiles yup lol
Resting my head on a gatorade bottle, just realized how ridiculous and unprofessional i looked LOL
Is it weird if i think messy girls who dont want go be messy are cute? Lolol
It seems like everybody at the mall woke up late too lol
WOW DICKHEADS WHO LEAVE SHIT AT OUT KIOSK FOR US TO THROW AWAY, DAFUCK I LOOK LIKE A TRASHCAN BOOTH WTFCK ?!
Hot damn i think ima like my first 1.5 hrs of my shift lol
The only moment i hate about being drunk is that theres no one to talk to once you get home at 2 in the morning lol
I hate when you help people put with directions, they intentionally dont listen to you the first time around :/
Poot poot
Im kenneth and i love the fat cock, where all the dudes at??
Im super duper drunk holy shitttttt ahahahahah
@datshiikay WOWWWWW fuck it all of yall quit
Im soo losing my patience for non-customers asking for directions at the mall .___.
@datshiikay dayum.
Planning a trip to LA in winter or spring to get tuned by hb speed, planning the route to come back e85 lol gotta take highway101 D:
I can see why my manager hates it when people ask wheres this or wheres that... FUUUUUU
Just saw a woman with a pen and a black cloth dress waving her pen around talking to thin air... I think she was casting spells.. DAFUQ
WOWWW people who park at the meters next to lake merrit bart station dont even pay for meter parking..WOW
