IamTrencher
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/453850477952630784/o3GWXRRp_400x400.jpeg
If you're going to walk a mile in my shoes, can you pick me up some booze on your way back?
I'm not lazy. Someone just stole my motivation. I'm the victim here!!!
I don't understand why Toyota Prius owners would be worried about brake issues, it's not like the car can go fast enough to hurt anything an
How is it that every time I have to deal with customer service or technical support of any kind, it's always some incompetent f**k telling m
Lean Cuisine: Because I like a snack before my real lunch.
I feel like I woke up an hour too early this morning
The voices in my head declined my friend request.
Most fairy tales begin with, "Once Upon a Time...” but most all of mine starts with, "You ain’t gonna believe this sh!t...”
There’s a thin line between genius and insanity, and I’m that line. Genius by nature, insane by choice.
HECK is where people go to who don't believe in GOSH.
Good things come to those who wait. Well.. except for the people on death row.
when captain morgan files his taxes for this year .... he's gonna claim me as a dependent
is anyone out there paying attention.... good.... carry on ... if ya happened to wake up at the end of this status go back to sleep .... it
what's the difference between 'fat chance' and 'slim chance'?
A "single serving" is as much as I decide to eat in one sitting and I dare you to tell me otherwise.
If they give you a bib when eating lobster, they should definitely give you a diaper for Indian food
The iPhone5 did not come out yesterday. It was the iPhone 4S. Those of you that were camping out can go back to watching Star Wars and not g
A surprise threesome is a great way to show your girlfriend that you really do like her friends.
The way I feel when a waiter finally brings my food is probably similar to the excitement of a dude on Maury who just got told he's not the
Guess who just discovered the bipolar emoticon? :):
You cannot ruin friendship with sex.... That's like trying to ruin ice cream with chocolate syrup.... Which BTW does not ruin sex either
Had a great weekend, now Monday just like always comes and steps in and ruins it
I don’t mind coming to work… but this 8 hours wait is bulls#$%
I hate novacain and now 500$ poorer with the insurance. :(
Back at the dentist to fix a broken crown :(
A word to the wise isn't necessary, it's the stupid ones that need the advice.
Congratulations! You have just won 100,000,000 dollars in the mobile draw reply with full name, D.O.B, address etc. to claim your price. By
is not for everyone results may vary. Side effects may include splitting sides, spastic outbursts, spewing drinks out your nose and extreme
I am passing this on to you because it definitely worked for me today, and we all could probably use more calm in our lives. Some doctor on
It takes more muscles to frown than to smile. Which only proves one thing and that is happy people are really f***ing lazy.
I don’t mind when older folks decide to relax and slow down. I just wish they wouldn’t do it with their cars in the fast lane.
Quick question: If you’re in a car with someone who talks a mile a minute, will going 60mph in reverse shut them up?
A new device recently came on the market that can turn thoughts into speech. Wait, don't we already have that? It's called alcohol.
says reality is an illusion caused by lack of alcohol
instant superhero, just add alcohol
thinks there are better things in life than alcohol, but alcohol makes up for not having them
It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty or half full. There is clearly room for more alcohol....
I need money for alcohol research. Please donate today.
Todays hot tip: Boomerangs and Attention Deficit Disorder don't mix.
After watching Star Wars for the thousandth time I noticed Chewbacca is wearing a purse. Now I wonder if he was really a sidekick or in fact
Putting a friends name on your status update box on accident while searching for them is pretty funny for all your friends and family to see
Who ever made up the term "marital bliss" probably was the same genius who made up other phrases like military intelligence, pretty ugly, an
I called my stockbroker and asked him what I should be buying. He said, "If the current administration is in office much longer, canned good
Just passed some guy flying a confederate flag on the back of his ragged out Honda Goldwing wearing a Jolly Rodger Helmet, with a Connecticu
I always say, "If you can’t say anything nice, we have a lot in common."
Girls here's an idea, instead of spending all that money on makeup. Just buy your guy a bottle of Jack Daniels.
My typical morning where I can turn water into coffee!!
I'm thinking about creating a whole new crime. I'm gonna start a counterfeit prostitution ring. I see a lot of money and no jail time coming
There's just not enough toilet paper in the world to clean up all this crap some people create.
If I ever end up missing, please put my picture on a bottle of scotch and not a milk carton, because then I know for sure that my friends wi
I'll be organizing a flash mob at my place, Thursday 5pm. Bring lawnmowers and weedeaters.
The Wizard of Oz is 70 years old. Today, if Dorothy were to encounter people with no brains, no hearts, and no balls, she wouldn't be in Oz.
Twinkle, twinkle little star, show me to the nearest bar, down the street and to the right, I'll be there...all damn night!!
Dear infommercial writers.. Clearly its not a $100 value if you're selling it for 10 bucks
It's the weekend!!! The "Responsible Adult Button" has been switched to OFF!!
I'm multi-talented, I can talk and piss you off at the same time
A real man is a woman's best friend. He will never let her down. He will comfort her after a bad day. He will inspire her to do things she n
Lord give me patience...or an untraceable handgun.
My greatest fear is standing on stage in front of millions while my Google search history is read aloud...
109°F and still no rain predicted for the immediate future. I wonder what else will meltdown under my hood.
There are two types of people in the world; Those who know how to handle stress and those who need bail money
"Cowboys and Aliens" not as good as the hype. I rate it a
Having dinner with the wife at Macaroni Grill. Our 10 year aniversary.
says it takes so long to get to the weekend that the calender even "WTF" in the middle of the week
is not illiterate...my parents were married!
says I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
say let this be known as my Living Will. I do not wish to be cremated. If the Zombie Apocalypse happens I would like to be a part of it.
says Ha.....and the neighbors think THEY can be loud???? They haven't been formally introduced to me and Jack Daniels yet.
says Life is all about ass; you're either covering it, laughing it off, kicking it, kissing it, busting it, trying to get a piece of it, or
is curious to find out if there's anything I haven't tried yet.
says many personality flaws are now treatable mental illnesses... My insurance has denied me coverage, apparently being an @sshole is a pree
is delaying his plans for world domination.
says can close your eyes to things you don't want to see, but you can't close your heart to the things you don't want to feel.
says "Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck. In that case, be me ;) "
Now I lay me down to sleep. I pray the Lord my soul to keep. If I die before I wake. Then this will be my last status update.
says "Be who you are, not who others try to make you."
is making some changes to their life...leave a message and I'll get back to you. If I don't return your message you were one of the changes!
says sometimes the dreams that come true are dreams you never even knew you had.
Facebook has just suggested I poke my wife . . . Yeah good one facebook . . . Been trying for weeks . .
says I do it because I can, I can because I want to, I want to because you said I couldn't.
says Think back to 1850. California became a state. The people had no electricity. The state had no money. Almost everyone spoke Spanish. Th
just got kicked out of Borders for moving all the bibles to the fiction section.
says Alcoholism is a progressive degenerative disease, or in lamens terms, "the afteraffect of marriage."
wonders if when the inventor of the bong came up with the idea, did a black light appear above his head?
pledges allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible,
says I used to go out with a homeless girl. It was great because after sex I could just drop her off anywhere
says if sex is a pain in the a$$, then you re doing it wrong!
logged into myspace, and felt like he was cheating behind facebook's back
is walking through the intensive care unit dressed as the grim reaper.
I don't care if you don't accept my friend request. Just thought you'd like to see what we say about you on our wall!
I gave Mr. Potato Head some weed.Before I knew it,he was baked.
I thought about staying home today, but then I remembered all of the people on welfare are depending on me, I owe I owe its off to work I go
is filmed on location with the men and women of law enforcement. All suspects are guilty in the court of law until proven innocent
is going to Prehab... On the off chance that I get addictions...
http://ping.fm/p/Cjh8H - says if there was any truth in advertising the new KFC Double Down would 
be called the Double Bypass
is cleaning out his medicine cabinet of expired prescriptions with a glass of water and several mystery pills at a time.
Testing ping.fm
Just did the tune-up on my car and it's like night and day.
Dealing with retards that have no clue what they even want.
Just finished installing an AC in my garage. Now you know how hot it gets in Texas.
has disabled TweetCraft because it's irritating as hell.
is logged in and deleting your followers
http://twitpic.com/9cdth -
