KendraJames
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/26008122/2007021608214218_avatar_400x400.jpg
It is 102 degrees in these parts.  Pool feels sooo good.  Can't wait to see our next electric bill!
1 kid down, 2 to go!  Why can kids outlast their parents?  I'm tired!!!!
Remember the days of the Preakness infield?  Those were the days...
getting ready for work tonight, ugh I do NOT like night shift anymore, I am too old!
got a treo yeah!
our oldest daughter finally realized men were gross!!!  "Gross dad, why do you sit with your hand down your pants"?
cripe, on goes the tv and the NFL draft is still there, do we have to recap recaps, ugh!
how flippin' long is the NFL draft?  OMG, I am getting bored!
Off to the hospital for 12 glorious hours of work.  Fun, fun, fun.  Let this be a good day!  :)
kids get out early from school...oh joy!
@technosailor:  new theme is sweet.  when will the rest follow?  :)
Holy badoodles...to find a good topic...hmmm
silence is beautiful
laughing about last post...right after found 100 links to same thing..mom's are fired up http://tinyurl.com/24s2qe
closing computer and going to bed
nice day, sun, grass, trees, birds, ahh...spring
blood sugar 350, don't feel well...wtf?
i wish i had time to volunteer...
could finally post at diabetes notes, but it took a very long time, I wonder if there is trouble in paradise again???  hope not!
watching charlottes web and putting a ham in the oven, how freakin' funny???
why when you r with them, you want a break, and when you r away, you hurry to get back?  hmmm, maybe new post...
i am NO domestic goddess!  I hate cleaning and shiznit...
sun is shining! yeah, take that weather man, you are wrong again!  haha.
another exciting friday night...baseball game on tube, hubs next to me on couch...good stuff
@hsienlei: options?
sun is finally out, will we hit 60 degrees?  come on b'more
@stevejames:  are you alive?
good morning ya'all!
what to do with a crazy 2 and 4 year old?  gonna be a looonngg afternoon
4 year old and 2 year old have infected ears...again!!  Ughh.  Tubes don't freakin' work.
@stevejames:  you are a moron.  hee hee.  mind over matter, you are not hungry! are we moving yet?
it is so dern cold out!!!!!  30 degrees, come on.
looking at houses, to move or not to move, that is the question!
first day back to school after spring break, I'm a little excited, hee hee!
first time on today...and last...sleep is calling...hubby snoring...couch lookin' good!
kids are wired on sugar!!!!!!  nice easter, low key.
Please, someone put a muzzle on my kids!!  Hahaaa...just joking, don't send CPS over but they never shut up.
where the hizell are all our winter clothes, it is going to snow tonight.  r you kidding me, last week 80, today 35, come on!!!!!
my quiet night is over, uggh, the hubs is home, hee hee
it's quiet! hope hubby gets home much later, I'm enjoying the peace.  haha
i despise golf!!!!!!!!!!!
too much coffee this am, a bit on overdrive.
@stevejames: did..you..change..my..password..on..my..site..she says through her teeth????
hahaha.......LOL  ;)
@stevejames: ughhhhh
5 kids screaming in my ear....holy shat, they are loud!
@stevejames: see you on the flip side, good...night!  By the way, Florida will win! How bout' a bow chicka wager?  hee hee
@technosailor: Gooooo Florida!!!  Yee ha. ;)
wondering what the helz my hubs is watching...and why does the tv have to be so loud??
holding my breath and waiting for the hubs to get home.  Kids have made me mental today!!!!
@trishussey: CHANTIX is a new med in states that is used for quitting.  Has much success, you only use for 6 weeks or so.
Just a little observation:  3 daughters=nonstop talking.  OMG, can I get a second?
@stevejames: hells yeah, big ol' wussy, LOL!!!  ;)
@stevejames: Wuss!!!!!
almost a 1/3 of the way to target number on new site, Babblz.com
http://babblz.com/
@stevejames: how tired are you?
@hsienlei:Vacuum, what is a vacuum?  I am less than stellar with my mad housekeeping skillz!  ;)
I am so ready for sleep!  I'm dragging...
why, why, why do the servers not work when I want to get something done?
hubby at golf, kids are playing quietly, laying in bed with laptop...beautiful!!!!
home from the Great Maryland Meetup... Hi Aaron!
off to Red Brick for the Maryland meetup.  first time out in 3 or 4 months, how pitiful!
day is dragging!
why is life so exciting?  haha;)
just had a conference with eldest's teacher, feel like i am on cloud 9! :)
@jeremy: I had to sleep in my 2 year olds bed while she slept in my spot.  "she no like her bed".  what a treat.
it is warm out, 85 degrees, spring is here!
back from jury duty, I performed my civic duty with a smile on my face
sleep time...amen
quiet, tapping on keyboard and staring at the back of hubs head, how can we both be on computer, same room, in total silence? weird ;)
back from being a slave to my mom, the patient.  i deserve a star!!
why can't I write?  I think my brain is broken!
@technosailor: hopefully one ACC school can step up
@stevejames: are you downstairs? what the @#&.
reading and writing, finally!
reading with the girls.  oldest is reading star wars, she is such a tom boy
trying to be productive, i dread work tonight, hate 7p to 7a!!!!
@stevejames: How do I go about contacting you?  Are you that important?  Hahaha, 4 hour meeting, come on!
@hsienlei: believe me, the mood i am in now, no one wants a piece of this. lol!
i've lost my mojo, can..not..write...ugh!
@hsienlei:  that sucks, hope your day gets better, puking blows, haha :)
listening to the whole world bitch, why do they all call me?  waaaaaa, i want a turn.  ;)
ah...silence, if only for a while
@steve: check out my new title, how big my balls are..hehehe
so damn tired!  i've lost my mojo for gaga
good...night...
@stevejames: haha. by the way, your not really all that funny ;)
OMG, hubby and I in same room, 2 computers, talking on computers, is this what it has become, LOL!!!!!!!
being lazy, must get motivated.  do kids ever sleep????
ahh, better, got it working... http://tinyurl.com/2yfoqk
arrgh, trying everything to get my odeo podcast to play in wordpress, the code isn't working!
@hsienlei: ugh, podcast is't working right, husband trying to fix...
@technosailor: Can't hit free throws.  they missed like 10 or something
OMG! I just did a podcast!  My voice sucks
@mrmarbles: just not my style after retiring from pole dancing... jk :)
@hsienlei: thanks for making me feel important with all the Saturday morning emails!
better pink hair pics up now... http://tinyurl.com/ypjqzv
anybody out there using vista yet?
@technosailor:  I washed it 55 times in the last day, it has lost some of its vibrancy, but sure is violet to me!!! and hubby just laughs.
@hsienlei: picture here - http://tinyurl.com/yoavvn .  So far nothing but compliments, go figure...
at work with my purple hair...
sleeping
@hsienlei: nice pic of delta!
chatting before haircut
@stevejames: watch it, diabetes notes had 3 whole comments today i am all fired up, again!
off to walk along the water, it is 65 already. yee ha!
@stevejames: check out gaga for lulu, its about you, again!!haha
@hsienlei: congrats!linked personal blog to hearty life this am. http://tinyurl.com/yslozs
@stevejames:  stop your boo hoo-ing!! by the way, what kid doesn't like french toast sticks and syrup?
Ahh, blood sugar 66 this AM, that could be why..
wow, I'm tired this AM
@technosailor: the best season, IMHO.  Have you seen it all yet?  I won't spoil it
@hsienlei: posting now.  be gentle!
still fired up!  fuming!
@hsienlei:  what is the time difference from EST in London?
whatever, i might be committed by then
dude, get home, the phone lines don't work, nothing, its annoying,kids are crazy!!
@sj:  phones are dead, this is killin' me, no service for couple hours
yup, thats him, it's like I can't escape him, even on here, hahahaha!
on swingset, oh let there be no more winter, and @stevejames, damn skippy :)
@stevejames:  bring home beer, is it nice out or what?  70 degrees in march!
man, I miss our flippin' cleaning lady
i can't get the ding dang image to work, i am going to lose it....why am i so challenged sometimes?
@stevejames:  Haha, check out the Gaga for Lulu site, off to library, life is so exciting!
@stevejames: so now we talk via twitter, where's the love? sorry you haven't recovered!
why do the kids talk so loud?  why did I have to get the stomach funk that hubby had?
will the kids ever go to freakin' bed?
@hsienlei: New comforter set, new rug and ottoman for the family room, easter stuff for the kids, and of course, chocolate and People Mag!
blew $400 at target on non needed stuff, i'm an ass.
@hsienlei: yes indeed, she needs a little refresher in interpersonal skills.
done interview, that was painful!
cleaning bathrooms my hubby destroyed with his funk over the weekend...call from new york. mental note to self:embargo=do not talk about it!
must..go..to..sleep.  soooo tired!
waiting for hubby to get his head out of the toilet
been up for 31 hours, nightshift bites! kids are so loud.
going to my "other" job
ok, not hyperventilating anymore, much better :)
hyperventilating
time for sleep...
reading about juvenile diabetes...
oops, need to log my wife out of twitter, lol
@technosailor: too bad we don't have Fry's around here, GRAW2 = $35
@SteveJames:  do you ever work?  pick up the phone and call me...
lunch with kiddies
posted some new stuff on gaga for lulu.
i suppose, but i can bring home the bacon AND fry it up in a pan! ;)
wondering why my husband doesn't do any "work" while at work
what the....so sorry, my youngest is playing with daddy's laptop, kept hitting the button
got my oldest girl off to school, but anticipating school nurse phone call by noon.  writing on gaga...
This hot momma, http://www.topmomma.com/mommas/referal/326, is thinking about going to sleep...
waiting for my creative juices to start flowing...got.to.write...
trying to get kids dressed, while write.  not working for me. why are they off school?  it's an inch of snow.
sleeping...
technosailor:  MD taxes do suck!!!!!  And we are getting more soon!  12 % in gas tax maybe?  Don't get me started on BGE!!!
trying to get my youngest to sleep...
still making dinner
making dinner...
aaron, what duclaws do you go to?  ours burned down :(
writing a post for Diabetes Notes.  how to make diabetes exciting?
trying to figure this whole twitter thing out
surfing the net looking for some new articles....trying to get the kids to nap.
