mccat2
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1093300144/34540_143909108959775_100000220591212_408808_1058044_n_400x400.jpg
Still meeting at 10 30?
For da buffalo
Air gear is a good anime!
Come on dani! Win it!
Working. Its pretty boring. Tons of down time
I am so bored. I finished studying. And I can't go parkourin cuz somthing os messed up in my foot. Nothing to do!!!
Idk if everyone has heard yet... but there making a angry birds movie.... wtf lol
Big brother 13 looks great so far
So I just locked my keys in my car I don't know what to do
Just got back from a hunter grave yard....... holly crap. We heard a man laughing more than once. Also we each some things moving.
I love that 70s show!
Falling skys was pretty cool. Looking forward to the rest of the show
so kung fu panda 2 is epic!!!!!
Just saw pirates again. Amazing
X men first class was sooooooo freaking good!
I must go to bobby mackeys music world some day to investigate for ghosts!!!! I must!
Watching fma brotherhood great great show
Watchin ghost adventures! Good show
Today was boring. Parkour tomorrow for sure
Is brandon still with hoe face?
@danieltosh Hey daniel check this vid out! haha

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b34hnDzz3C4
@teamfourstar when are you doing the one piece abridged
RT @linkinpark: Our new album #AThousandSuns is in stores now and on iTunes. http://tiny.cc/atslpst #LinkinPark
@linkinpark Is coming up soon on VMA's!!! GONNA ROCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@phoenixlp i mean cant
@phoenixlp i think people think they heard it on the medal of honor trailer. but that can be the full song, its not 5 min
@phoenixlp i thought it came out monday
Ok ummm 4~Here we are at the start!~
Stranger than silence
Just finished whatching shrek the third! AMAZING MOVIE! cant wait for the 4th one!
Chillin at da zoo wiff my bff dakota
Been recording for 2 days strait. This new vid will rock. Next is editing
School tomorow.... :( not happy about that!!!
Practicing my guitar!
Chillin at a hotel with dakota and his family! Fun fun! Lol
About to see paranormal activity!!! Omg i can not efin wait!
Christmas eve! Yay!!! Tomorow is the big day! Chillin wiff da famly tonight!
Ok. So yeah saw avatar! And not gonna lie... IT IS THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY EFING LIFE! all other movies are nothing now.
We are finaly in avatar! This is it! After this my life will be complete!
On the Zune app. This is cool
Me and chris and mom and liam are at breakfast with SANTA!!!! yay!!! santa!!!
Cillin on my new Zune hd
Eating denny's like a boss!
Chillin in the car on the way to french lick! Me and dakota are listening to shinedown!
Im watching bleach! Yay
At the concert! Yay~Thats so emma and julia~
Hi mason! Im in your bed! Lol! Hahahahahaha
On me way to holliday world yay~Come back to what we used to be
I am watching reba!
Hi twitter
@kaholl9008 WE ARE THERE KATIE!!!!!!! HECK YAH!!!!!!!!!!!
Cedar point tomorow! Dont know if mason is going, but i hope he dose!
@Paramore_freak1 Me to mason!
PARAMORE!
IMA TWITTER WHORE!!!!
@kaholl9008 OMG thats me!!!
@Paramore_freak1 HI MASON
http://bit.ly/xaM7F
press 'alt + f4' its fun!
Twitter whore, thats me!
IM SPININ OUT OF CONTROL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am a poopy monster I WILL EAT YOU, HAHAHAHAHAHA
just got back from bike riding! and i saw taylor!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
fire works were.... AMAZING!!!
it is the 4Th! yay!!!
HAHA I WILL HAVE MILLIONS OF TWEETS!!! CUZ I AM A TWEET WHORE!!!!
I AM A TWEET WHORE!!!!!!
just learned the intro and solo to decode by paramore
we cast for BB11 looks cool!
happy for the first time in, will, sometime, lol!
@kaholl9008 oh ok, cool!
@kaholl9008 REALLY, HOW???
@kaholl9008 I might be, i LOVE BB!!!!
HI WORLD, LOL, I AM WEIRD!!! cant wait, 9 days til BIG BROTHER!!!
I am still hurting... why
wow i havnt been on here in sometime, lol!
Even when it seems i dont need you, just know that im in love, cant wait to leave this endless darkness, come along with me, hold my hand!
idk
bored
eminem's new album is really good!
had a real good day today, it was bad, but it has gotten very grande
i am not sure what to do now,,,, i really honestly don't know!
YES, IT CHANGED MY PIC!!!!
DANG IT twitter is not letting me change my pic!
First full day of summer!
SUMMER, time for non stop training!
out of school, time to prepare for the next journey ahead, next year!
idk
hurting, oh so bad!
i had a nice day!
i dont need her back, i just want her back!
i miss her!
Just put part 4 of the plan together, have to wait til friday to use it though!
i had a very good day!!!!
today was boring, tomorrow is the day me and Taylor promessed to start being friends again, this should be interesting!
ugh, another day that i dont want to live through
@kaholl9008 ha ha, guess what, my mom didnt think it was THAT big of a deal that i was alone, it was my dad the freaked out! HAHAHAHAHa
there almost home! today has been a very long day! I'm ready for it to be over!
dragonball z is so amazing!!!!
ugh, i am ready for my mommy to get home so she can buy my tickets for paramore!
getting off the computer, bleach is coming on! then going to bed, be on tomorrow cuz i have no life, later!
@kaholl9008 i am fine, they just worry to much! i liked being alone, it gave me time to think about stuff!
@kaholl9008 but idk why they so worried, its fine!
@kaholl9008 they are mad, thye just called me, and i told then you asked me to come over, and they said that was not the deal, you stay here
@kaholl9008 long time!
@kaholl9008 will i slept for most of it!
@kaholl9008 HA HA i have 6 more updates then you! hahahahahaha! wow i am bored, lol!
listening to Green Day!
Went to school and I was very nervous, No one knew me, no one knew me! - Mad World - Adam Lambert!
@kaholl9008 oh, idk, i dont think i really want to go anywhere, i just wish it wasnt so boring, oh will!
@kaholl9008 i am fine... hehehehehehe, any way, i am real bored, ugh!
@kaholl9008 nothing, nothing, dont worry about it! hehe
Just started the third part of my plan!!
My heroes: My older Brother jeff, Mike Shinoda, Dane Cook, Adam Lambert, and Taylor (Even though she left, i look up to her)!
Adam lambert is SOOO amazing!
@kaholl9008 oh ok!
@kaholl9008 idk, its very boring, but i am fine
@kaholl9008 oh, umm, idk, i will think about it, i just downloaded ALL the adam lambert studio songs!
@kaholl9008 ummm, idk, bleach is on tonight!
Word to the wise, when the fire dies, you think it's over, but it's just begun!
@kaholl9008 oh, ok, idk, i mean i check her looking at me all the time, idk why im not thinking much of it, maybe i should be...
going to bed,,,,,,,, http:​/​/​http://bit.ly/OYQ9X
@kaholl9008 i am, around her, but nothing happens, will she looks at me a lot, but idk that could mean nothing!
@kaholl9008 yah, im sure your right!
@kaholl9008 cuz i almost dont even think she is trying to get over me, its it dosnt bug her at all!
@kaholl9008 i wish i could belive you, and i do, its just, she must be a REALLY good actor or somthing then!
@kaholl9008 I hope your right katie, cuz all i want now, is her back in my arms, I WILL HAVE HER BACK!!!!!!
@kaholl9008 its just, we been getting closer, but she acts like she never cared about me at all, and she did, she loved me, this is so hard!
@kaholl9008 i cant do this, i cant go 30 sec. without thinking about her, i go to sleep, and wish i dont wake up! i am dieing inside!
i was thinking about her, and now i am crying! why cant i let go.... why do i love you after you hurt me so bad
@kaholl9008 idk
@kaholl9008 grr lucky, will, i needed sometime alone, i been talking to mark and taylor, and just doing a lot of thinking!
@kaholl9008 will, whateva kid, golly its a little creepy here all alone!
@Paramore_freak1 i know what you meen about the change thing! it sucks!
@kaholl9008 grrr, ha, now i have one more!!! HAHAHAHAHA
@kaholl9008 ok then!
lala la la lala
@kaholl9008 ok
@kaholl9008 YES, I KNOW, I WAS JUST SITTING HERE WAITING FOR YOU TO REPLY, AND YOU DID, YAY, DREAMS DO COME TRUE!!!!
@kaholl9008 I KNOW!!!! GOLLY G!!!
Bleach Saturday! Grimmjow vs. Ichigo/Rukia! HECK YAH!!
@kaholl9008 you comin over soon, we sould go to chicogos pizza, or pizza king, or somthing!
@kaholl9008 i cant, i am trying katie, this is to much for me to handle! and it just keeps getting worse and worse
I tryed, but you left, i cryed, but you lied, now slowly i die!
Everything i loved left me, my friends are turning on me, i have lost everything i ever wanted, but yet i still try, why?!?!?
Even through the darkest days, this fire burns, always!
sitting here with katie, yah, hehehe
I'm living for this lie!
hade a good day!
Going to bed, ugh, me and Tay would have been together oficely for 2 months tomorrow, i am probably going to cry tomorrow!
she is slowly killing me inside
i dont care about anything any more!, i just wanna hold her in my arms again!
@taylor_tomato cuz its yummy!
http://bit.ly/fyTF9
 cross this new divide!!
LINKIN PARKS NEW SONG KICKS A**!!!!! http://bit.ly/fyTF9
home... wrighting a poem
dane was SO funny, im gonna have to go buy it!
about to watch dane cook, that should make me feel good, seeing her tomorow is going to be hard
@kaholl9008 AHHHHHH, no, anything but that, WHY WHY WHY!!!!!!!!!!!!
@kaholl9008 i am no lier!
DANE COOK TONIGHT!!!!!
Painful eyes crying, stairing. Tears making this hand wipe all words spoken soft, and sincere. Im Sorry!
@kaholl9008 thats what i said anit it!?
been lifting,,, lifted some much my muscles are so big they are stretching my shirt, lol!
making some french fries... ugh
not giving up on her, never!
standing up to fight!
I'm Addicted,
To all the colors that I see, that you hold in front of me.
I'm melting
In your eyes
Like my first time
That I caught fire
Just stay with me
Lay with me
Now
life is getting better, this are starting to look good!
@kaholl9008 i know,,, i just hate it!
The world is a really tough place to try and be happy in!
@kaholl9008 idk, i am working on getting her back, idk if its gonna happen, but, yah!
@kaholl9008 actuly katie, i am doing a lot better, this is not that bad after all! but we will see if it stays like this
@kaholl9008 dont be to supprised if im not the normal me next week, i just had my heart ripped up, towrn in two, and stomped on! so yah
@kaholl9008 i have been talking to a lot of people, and reading a lot of stuff, and thinking a lot, i think i am gonna be fine
@kaholl9008 i hope they do, i can not think about it, she was everything to me Katie, everything, she is all i can think about
@kaholl9008 I CANT DO THIS, AHHHH, BOKEN HEARTS HURT SO MUCH WORSE THEN BROKEN BONES!
DANG IT TAYLOR, this is so stupid, we belong together, and you know it! i just want you back, i cant stop crying! plz come back to me!
@kaholl9008 oh, i flipped out very bad, but we past that, so yah
@kaholl9008 i am giving her time, we still friends, but i will make her fall back in love with me, i know i can!
@kaholl9008 ha, will im not giving up on her, i will have her!
taylor dumped me, i cant take this, i really wish i could just die! i need her in my life to be able to be normal!
she is leaving me.... i hate my life
i am crying so hard right now... she is slowly breaking my heart, idk what to do anymore!
i am going to cry agien, WTF IS GOING ON TAYLOR, TELL ME, WHAT THE F***
going to bed... im worried about tomorow!
sitting here, bored, missing her!
i wish she would talk to me.. and tell me whats going on... i miss her!
on my moms laptop, just chillin, bored, call me if you want!
Just gave my mom stuff, she loved it! Ha Ha, i wonder how others mothers days are going!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mothers day!!!
just watched swifty's new vid, made my day!
trying to give her some space now!!! maybe thats all she needs...
another day that i will be spending worrying about her.... why wont she talk to me...i don't get it, im getting scared she may hate me!
i cant sleep, im to worried about my baby girl!
i need to talk to taylor, i love her so much, i need to know whats going on with her, cuz there is most def somthing the matter!
i need to talk to her!
i stopped crying, i need to talk to taylor.... but she never logs on anymore....i hope she still loves me
crying
