ThisFauxGuy
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/458795662373433344/5vlZATv4_400x400.jpeg
@LullabyHolland Of course :)
@LullabyHolland I love you too &lt;3
Looks like she finally got fed up and abandoned the account.
Whatever I do is wrong.
I am full of headache which means I'll not be on long but I wanted to check you were okay.
I'm not sure you could be any more perfect for me. I love you so much.
Your last name is the only thing I would ever change about you. Seriously.
I feel for you as you are. I don't want you to change.
Okay that makes me feel crap now.
I love you.
I love you, too. @LullabyHolland
You'll have a hard time getting rid of me &lt;3
The day I forget is the day I forget to smile. It isn't going to happen &lt;3
Good &lt;3
Yes you did. Did I tell you I loved you too.
This doesn't really capture them http://t.co/TWA8Hk2svE
This is cute though http://t.co/n5R14yNZ5b
You look stunning her but I look goofy http://t.co/2xGQCIFW5A
Oh Lord lol.
I think we suited Lea and Cory really well and this has some of the same components.
No because I feel we suit Dylan and Holland. I think my header and old icon that you still see almost set the parameters of us.
I changed it but its not so good. She has cute ones with Colton, though.
Probably means my icon didn't change :/
And at there red carpet stuff and celeb events Dylan is always stiffly polite to her.
There are about two of any use. You have one and I had the other.
Can a couple have so many pictures yet so few suited to be icons?
You mean about being tired and being 'here'?
I know :)
@LullabyHolland I love you, too :)
@LullabyHolland I know, baby &lt;3
@LullabyHolland Happy 28 months (although technically I'm a day late) &lt;3
@LullabyHolland I think you directed a tweet to me that should have been intended for yourself!
@LullabyHolland You make my heart race and my eyes smile &lt;3
But baby!
@LullabyHolland After all this time, I still have that effect? I can relate to that.
I love you way more, baby!
@LullabyHolland I try my best &lt;3
I'm only mean because I love you so much!
@LullabyHolland Without you I have no perfection :)
@LullabyHolland Perfection attracts perfection :)
I miss you. I love you. I'm keeping you. Forever.
Tasteful :)
I love you so much. Never forget that!
I mostly just use web!
I love you very, very much &lt;3
Oh? I love our reincarnation to be honest. We are more relaxed with one another and we can tease each other.
Cuter by the minute &lt;3
No! That is just another expression of cuteness.
I am so mean to her!
Aussi just means also.
I know and you faked Avril all that time so don't tell me you don't know what 'aussi' means lol.
We are in Paris now!
I like talking to you aussi!
Doesn't mean we can't be supportive either though.
Its really okay. Why be alone with something if you are worrying?
Why should I?
Its perfectly okay though. I don't mind.
Well you need to make sure you listen to your doctor too!
I missed you too &lt;3 And why is googling symptoms so bad, unless you go on dodgy websites.
Of course and always will :)
I love you, too.
I always miss you
Okay, okay, I'm leaving :)
You were right first time lol :)
Another two weeks!
I love you so much I can't resist teasing and getting cute with you.
Mean twitter!
Yeah. I forgot to add that bit that they provide a degree of light comedy too :)
cheat.
We're like the safe couple in a drama, you know you can afford to ship them because they may have spats but they will never break and never
Is it me or have we somehow become quirky cute?
How is it true, babe?
I got on the plane without you :D
You don't sound stupid. You were right that it was a movie as well.
I don't know why, whether its budgeting or whether its just cultural.
Why is that stupid? The movie might have had higher profile, I don't know.
Part of the problem is possibly a UK season is literally 6 episodes and out. In the US you go for 22/23 episodes a season.
The movie was a spin off of the TV series, ran for about three series.
UK attempts to replicate Friends and Married with Children totally failed though.
Just reading that Ricky Gervais and Steve Merchant acted as executive producers on the American version. Presumably because of copyright.
It was a UK show to start with, yes.
The Ricky Gervaise version?
Probably not as censored as the US, but maybe more then mainland Europe.
I think the UK version is so quirky to the UK that it doesn't translate. I've not seen the US version personally.
from maybe the Office which I am assured is as good in the US version as the UK version.
Programs are usually better in their original setting. UK copies of US tv never works and I guess its the same the other way round apart
Skins is the pick of it in recent time.
&lt;3
Clearly Giraffes have never watched British tv!
Where ever you are is perfect with me.
We can change our flights?
Go to Paris, you can't move for them.
There is a creperie in my city too. On the other side of town, predictably.
Laughing because it only just occurred to me its pancake day!
So cute!!!
But baby...I'll never hurt you!
Are you seriously going to fight with me?
I love you :)
I can only gauge it on how happy you make me. That would be a lot then.
I can't help myself though. I think it  has something to do with your proximity.
I'm so very much in love with you too.
Now it feels all the shadows have gone.
:)
You know what? I never gave you the credit you deserved at the outset.  A lot of girls maybe would have not stood by and waited.
I love looking at her header. It kind of represents healing for us. Something positive out of our low spot.
I'm glad we changed.
I agree. They kinda portray a comfortableness with one another.
I haven't lol. Plus Holland has an expressive face in the same way Lea did.
I know what it is. They have chemistry between them.
There is something of the Lea and Cory about their appearance. Can't put my finger on it.
I love them both but Holland looks so gorgeous in the icon.
My icon or my header?
I think our fakes work really well.
I love you, Holland :)
Last time I was on or the time before, I don't quite remember.
Maybe you fell asleep and it is?
Vacation time with the beautiful @LullabyHolland &lt;3
No!
I'll do my best to reply though. I miss you too much.
I would replying slow until about 4 or 5 hours time anyway.
But it will only make me sweeter!
Well I guess I could stretch it out a little longer :p
*Guess
Sweetness is contagious. Get I spent too long with you
I was being ironic. My timing to get on just as you were leaving!
Good. I love you!
You're not driving now, right?
I'm going stay mute till I know you're safe.
Perfect!
Well here I am :)
I know. I was teasing &lt;3
I love your weirdness though.
Are we Dolland or Hylan?
I love you too &lt;3
And you certainly are!
Same. We mostly make sweet talk that meanders in no particular direction but never gets boring.
You seriously don't get how sweet it is when someone loves being with you that much?
Get clingy all you want. You are seriously cute when clingy &lt;3
I am :)
Just got lucky!
LullabyHolland I presume!
Cute :)
Sorry :/
I like both :)
Its up to you. You know I love you no matter who you fake.
:)
Smiley :)
I'm checking her out :)
That makes sense. Tumblr is not really much on my radar unless I'm searching for images.
'Crackship' not a term I come across every day but urban is great.
Thank fuck for the urban dictionary.
I see what you mean about those manips. They look unloved.
Show me show me.
I keep looking for Anna headers and although she always looks pretty I still can't find one I want.
Thank you. We are a well suited couple :)
I quite like being Dylan even though I don't know too much about him.
You never do and you have no reason to worry.
Yep. Guys here don't really call girls 'bitches' so readily and if they do it is more a judgement on them then any girl they aim it at.
We are also cautious about using certain words that get used more over there.
Yeah I sometimes check to see if we use words in the same way, there are some notable differences!
Same :)
Perhaps it is :) I will sometimes google celebs I'm not so familiar with if they come into conversation.
As am I.
Don't think google can answer that one.
Is it possible to fall in love all over again with someone you never stopped loving in the first place?
Of course :)
I google too :)
It was a Saturday. I remember pretty much where I was throughout that conversation.
I know. I was trying hard to reach you. We were so wounded and low that day. I never thought we would recover.
August 2012.
That is incredibly appropriate.
@LullabyAnnaK Happy Valentine's Day, beautiful. I love you too. Very, very much.
You are winderful &lt;3
Only in a loving way &lt;3
Teasing Anna :)
But he may nap :/
...............more.
I love you.....
I always have &lt;3
It's very endearing :)
You are adorable &lt;3
You would anyway :p
You are beautiful inside and out &lt;3
You  were always the sweetest damn girl I ever did meet.
@LullabyAnnaK I am :) -pinches you- see?
I keep waking but its kind of nice because each time she is still here &lt;3
What happened to all your followers?
I love you &lt;3
:)
And I won't fake Joe again because ew.
Plus they mean something to me personally.
I'm not faking Cory any more because I can't but I'm not getting rid of my back ground or link because I kind of want to give some respect.
I love you okay?
You fell for someone else. Your words.
:/
Or the very last day of all.
I'm turning up just to play the part of the guy that gets left behind.
This feels like the last days.
Just give me something to cling on to. That makes me think we'll still both be here tomorrow.
And if I didn't love you so much I would have stopped trying a long time ago.
