ajblonk
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/259337631/aj_400x400.jpg
Just waking up from a looong Twitter slumber. #howdoidothisagain?
"To be humble, and to let God lift us up is where we should be" -Dan Croce
The one who does not love does not know God, for God is love. 1 John 4:8
Everysingle student from Umass is on hobart lane.. Of course they would have a broken tub right now..
1 Peter 2
100.9 WRNX is awesome.. Jack Johnson, The Clash, Dave Matthews, Eric Clapton.. One right after another.
From now on let no one cause me trouble, for I bear on my body the brand-marks of Jesus. Galatians 6:17
Everythings bigger in texas.. Everythings dirtier in New Jersey.
Hello Hartford.. Hello 3G network.
Drinking this sour apple slushie makes me feel like im 5.
Just saw Don Robinson running in Hadley.. How odd.
Just finished my taxes.. I hate reading the fine print.. Especially when i have to end up paying in.
The one advantage of literally pushing human waste around for a day of work is that they let you out 2 hours early.
The Lord restores my soul. He leads me in paths of righteousness for His name's sake. Psalm 23:3
You O LORD rule forever Your throne is from generation to generation. Restore us to You O LORD that we may be restored, renew our days a ...
tions 5:19,21
"Peepahs"
Is it odd that my own girlfriend calls me gay? Maybe ive gotta cut the tanning thing.
I just checked my phone after being away for 20 minutes. I had 17 texts.. 16 of which were from Sam Johnson
If rock climbing were a food I'd eat it daily.
Lime might be my favorite scent in the world.
One Republic and Timbaland's "Apologize" never gets old.
God is good.. Thats all there is to it...
The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit; a broken and contrite heart, O God, you will not despise. Psalm 51:17
Beautiful repentance, Sweet redemption, I am found in You.
Just put on socks while driving.. The third time i went off the road i decided to wait on tying my shoes.
Just got a bottle kicked into my eye... Hopefully ill be able to see soon.
Currently headed to Friendlys against my will.. I suppose theres really no chance of not enjoying Friendlys.
@tylerandianshow theres no k in pec's.. Its short for pectorals..
Both of the old guys im working with are talking about geritol... I dont quite fit into this conversation anywhere.
But I have trusted in Your steadfast love; my heart shall rejoice in Your salvation. Psalm 13:5
The words of the Lord are pure words. Words like refined silver. Psalm 12:6
@tylerandianshow "Family matters" for sure
@rjeagles27 talking to @ianbauer "your feet smell like butter" .. You learn a lot about your friends on road trips.
I wanna be a killer machine for Jesus
O Lord You have heard the desire of the humble; You will strenghten their heart, You will incline Your ear. Psalm 10:17
I also could try not being a petty snob
My 50 dollar noise canceling headphones would have been the appropriate choice.. Earbuds... Not so much
Im in canada how did this happen
I love fast mondays.. Especially when i have the rest of the week off.
Now in Christ Jesus you who were formerly far off have been brought near by the blood of Christ. Ephesians 2:13
The two adult men who have dedicated their lives to ministry are talking about vacation.. My 9 year old companion asks me "Andrew...hows ...
When Mt. Saint Helens blew almost everyones homes were melted... Just saying.
O Lord, our Lord how majestic is your name in all the earth! You have set your glory above the heavens. Psalm 8:1
God is Love, and whoever abides in love abides in God, and God abides in him. 1 John 4:16b
Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, to which you were called in one body, and be thankful. Colossians 3:15
You know the local radio is awful when the channel you finally settle on is playing commercials.
faithful. 2 Timothy 2:10-13
If we have died with Him we will also live with Him. If we endure We will reign with Him. If we deny Him, He will deny us. If we are fai ...
Wow Macy Gray.. Its been the better part of a decade and i still cant say i miss you.
Oh give thanks to the Lord for He is good, for His lovingkindness is everlasting. Psalm 107:1
I just had my body permanantly altered... Kinda weird that it only took 20 minutes.
Changing my oil.. The fun never ceases..
Gove me Your love for humanity, give me Your heart for the ones forgotten, give me Your eyes so I can see.
I love Brand New's "Deja Entendu"
@dbourdeau vey true my friend.. The average homeowner, when handling tools and buliding materials, is quite useless
Went out this morning.. Went back to camp for 20 minutes.. Got so bored im driving to greenfield for no reason
@tylerandianshow Ninja Turtles: Leonardo
I could climb K2... Big Whoop, more like a sunday stroll.
@tylerandianshow. Anywhere Tyler goes out to eat.
Why are you downcast O my soul, and why are you in turmoil within me? Hope in God, for I shall again praise Him my salvation and my God. ...
Side job sheetrocking some house in Ashfield.. Chillin with Jack Johnson all the way there
Dang.. sometimes mama just knows best.
Hebrews 12:1-3
Thank God I'm saved by grace... Goodnight moon
Heard some guy complaining about his house in costa rica.. Apparently too small.. Dude have you watched the news lately?
After a weekend at wolbi ive realized how awful i am.. I feel so much better now that ive prayed my "Hail Jack Wyrtzens"
Cleaning out the basement of a house that was built in 1840... Just ate a cobweb by accident.. I hate slow days...
"Only with Jesus as your master can you find true freedom" -Michael Card
Last name Evah first name Greatest.
Just saw John Drumgool at the gas station.. He said "if you dont gas up, the car wont run" .. Go figure
I smell like a combination of old spice and saw dust.. Is there a scent that is more manly? I think not.
RT @ianbauer: Insert global warning joke.
Starting the work day off right .. Chillin with mike buble on the way to the job.
I need to scrap my music collection and start from scratch.. Its not cool enough.. More like.. "cozy"
Mark 16:15
Perhaps the most bored ive ever been in my life.. Waiting for my truck at Ford.. Watching a town meeting on GCTV.. Awful
A Clogged toilet at 7pm on a friday might ruin some peoples nights.. For me its money in da bank.
@tylerandianshow Samson... duh.
He will again have compassion on us; He will tread our iniquities under foot. You will cast all our sins into the depths of the sea. Mic ...
Forget a prince with a horse, I want a vampire with a volvo.
If youre reading this..Come to Legit. Then you might get to heaven.
@tylerandianshow "dead people aren't alive"
For freedom Christ has set us free; stand firm therefore and do not submit again to a yoke of slavery. Galatians 5:1
@tylerandianshow... Obviously my boy: Barack Obama.
If we confess our sins, He is faithfil and just and will forgive our sins, and cleanse us from unrighteousness. 1 John 1:9
@tylerandianshow funeral director
Wearing my sweet new ralphs blacksmith shirt.. Nothing more manly than having an anvil on your back.. Im the toughest guy at work.
Acts 2:22-25
So as to walk in a manner worthy of the Lord, fully pleasing to Him, bearing fruit in every good work, and increasing in the knowledege  ...
Im not sure whether the 32 oz of Monster will be more effective in keeping me awake, or killing me via heart attack.
Julie is worried about getting her Virgins in the afterlife.. Thats why she took this pilgrimage to WOLBI
@tylerandianshow you can bring my snuggie to keep you warm if you want. Just sayin
Im almost gonna be sad to see the trash 'stache go when i shave for the first time in a week and a half.
So then, let us pursue what makes peace and for mutual upbuilding. Romans 14:19
The electrician just actually said " well id have another coffee, but im trying to cut back to three pots a day" ...I then proceeded to  ...
Hangar then Tyler just told me the two most hilarious stories ive ever heard.. Funny night.
Wearing a seat belt at all times: why is this a new concept for me?
Beyond all these things, put on love $hich is the perfect bond of unity. Colossians 3:14
My new years resolution: bring my lunch to work and save a couple grand more per year...
Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, to which indeed you were called in one body; and be thankful. Colossians 3:15
"All good things take time so that one true thing is more than worth the wait for you" - Chris August
What a lovely day to have a slice of humble pie.
Ive learned my lesson...i am not as tough as julie
Note to self: chap may cause rare rashes
Sportin' the 5 O'clock shadow... Unfortunately for me its more like the 4 day rat face shadow..
Mmm.. Low Carb Monstah.. No better way to start your day.
But as for me, I will look to the LORD; I will wait for the God of my salvation; my God will hear me. Micah 7:7
And my God will supply every need of yours according to His riches in glory in Christ Jesus. Philippians 4:19
If we live, we live to the Lord. If we die we die to the Lord. So then whether we live or die, we are the Lord's. Romans 14:8
Gods blessings are more than I can handle.. I dont deserve a single one.
@tylerandianshow But if I walked in people would spit on your face.
I love half days.. Out of work for the long weekend.
Eternal life is in Him, and this life gives light to all mankind. John 1:4
Romans chapter 12: practical, applicable, challenging... Read it. You wont be disappointed
Its official... Diet Pepsi is awful. Id rather drink molten lead.
But the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self control. Galations 5:22
Short of salvation... Best day of my life
Go to work at sunrise, leave at sunset.. Its almost like i worked a long day.
For from Him and through Him and to Him are all things. To Him be the glory forever. Romans 11:36
Weirdest, craziest weekend of my life... Also one of the best...
Neither of my parents will text me back.. Its been 45 minutes.. I am officially a loser.
For the record That was a "Search the City" quote.. Stupid 140 character twitter...
"Can you see the same skies from where you are do the heavens really stretch so far from you to me and all that lies in between." - sear ...
Two hour special of the @tylerandianshow live tonight at 7pm.. Thats 4pm for all of our west coast listeners.
@tylerandianshow If you had said something to him it would have been a "hairy situation"
God is love.
My prayer: "God please help me love these stupid frat boy Guidos"... I hope He honors my resentful request.
Rusty nails, chemical dust and asbestos its true, im gonna die at age twenty two... This rhyme was brought to you by Jones Properties L.P.
Demoing an all tile bathroom and kitchen... Needless to say my hands are bleeding profusely.
... In light of God's mercy, to offer your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and pleasing to God.. Romans 12:1
Good day... Started the day off right with my whips, office party, bonus checks, sitting in my truck listening to g love for an hour...
I forgot all about the office christmas party today.. I was supposed to make a dessert.. Luckily i have these two yoplait whips.
See what great love the Father has lavished on us, that we might be called children of God... 1 John 3:1a
"The currency of grace is where my song begins" - Switchfoot.
In a room with hundres of other people... Just realized.. Its inevitable.. Im gonna get swineflu.
Perhaps a more appropriate meaning would be Andrew: derived from the Latin word for 13 year old girl.
My sister just told me that the meaning of my name is: Manly... Does it still count if im into Twilight and Lady GaGa?
I slept from 9:30 til 7:00... Wow, I feel alive.
Do not love the world or anything in the world. If you love the world, the love of the Father is not in you. 1 John 2:15
Just froze for 10 mins pumping gas... Slow pumps are awful.
Tylerandianshow 7-8... Good times.
Talk about ironic. Obama sends 30,000 troops to Afghanistan and he just got the Nobel Peace Prize yesterday What a poser he shoulda declined
99.3 is currently playing "TNT" by ACDC.... Hmmm thats unusual.
Let us love one another, for love comes from God. Everyone who loves has been born of God and knows God. 1 John 4:7
Stuck walking around the mall.. As if suit shopping wasnt lame enough.
My mom is about to take me and my brother suit shopping... Is that weird?
Long, slow, unproductive day of work... Just what the doctor ordered.
The combination of drivers and snow make for a very dangerous day in the town of Amherst
Only in Amherst would i see some 80 year old dude riding his bike wearing only a poncho during the first snow storm of the year.
What then shall we say to these things? If God is for us who is against us? Romans 8:31
Being a creep at Dunkin chillin in the car watching old people drink coffee inside... I hope Dan gets here soon...
Romans 8:18-30 Expectant Living... Read it.
Takin a vacation day today, slept til 10:30, Tyler bought Reese's puffs... With a start like that how could this not be a good day.
Overwhelming ammounts of blessing.
Icy roads in a sports car: not ideal... Shoulda brought Donald. He'd handle this mess no problem.
Lee poked us for a wake up, Sam did laps in the pool, George is still Moldovan... Talk about fulfilling steryotypes.
Waaa. My name iz andrew and I love push ups and sit ups
Chillin in a sweet Mercedes coupe on my way to a resort for the weekend... Yeah i guess this is alright.
Just found an "Ab Lounge 2" dont really know what it is, but if i can lounge and work my abs at the same time this is directly from God.
Replacing live outlets...hmm wish i was my brother right now... He wouldnt accidently die doing this like im about to...
Fastest day of my life.. Last time i looked at the clock it was 8:30 it feels like its been a half hour. So sweet.
Anberlin's "Younglife" : you cant help but bob your head the second the song starts playing.
He Himself bore our sins in His body on the cross, so that we might die to sin nd live to righteousness. 1 Peter 2:24
Left Greenfield @ 8:13 arrived in Leverett @ 8:30... Thats what we call speeding
Tyler and Ian Show... Listen or else Dave will never recover from his baffling ailment.
For Christ also suffered once for sins, the righteous for the unrighteous, to bring you to God. 1 Peter 3:18
I resorted to drinking an 18 oz Red Bull today... The result: 1 hour of energy, thinner wallet, mild heart attack.
Since you have been raised with Christ, set your heart on things above... Colossians 3:1a
Not so much cloud 9... More appropriately Cloud 1 Billion
Just got my haircut by a gay dude. Akward, but how could it not be absolutely fabulous?
@tylerandianshow are u sure it wasnt your grandma?
Just saw Dan Clapp in Amherst.. And yes... He was wearing a top hat and monocle
In Him we have redemption through His blood, the forgiveness of our sins according to the riches of His grace. Ephesians 1:7
On my way to have a gotee party w/ Dan Sargent... Unfortunately mine is laughable compared to his.
Hebrews 12: 1-2
The 1 advantage of being on call is that im gonna bank it big time this week. Other than that...lamefest 09
I always thought that "hell on earth" was just a saying, until i entered Panera on black friday. Def some gnashing of teeth goin on.
@dbourdeau Oh yes.. That is an Andrew Jablonski masterpiece of words. Im actually quite the public speaker.
Ah yes... Thanksgiving... The truely American holiday. Food and football with a shallow side of family gatherings.
Its officially thanksgiving... My mom is praising God that she found some extra celery in the fridge.
Spending the night at my parents house so that no holiday tradition goes unbroken... Im so so cool.
Midweek church service... Totally unnecessary to dress up.. My official decision
Just got out of work...yayayaya.. Now time to loser it up at home.
@tonysalemi I'd give you some sage words of wisdom but if u took my advice u wouldnt be able to spit out a word
Currently on Puke patrol... Yeah i think a long weekend will be nice.
So i say, walk by the spirit and you will not gratify the desires of the flesh. Galations 5:16
Whenever im at my parents i watch the discovery chanel. Best chanel hands down. If you can watch now. Totally worth it.
@dbourdeau gay as in queer... Thanks dave... Thats 1 friend that doesnt. Ha!
Does everyones friends call them gay in multiple ways to their face throughout the day like my friends do to me?
@tylerandianshow yeah laser sucks... I change that channel the moment i get to the job.
You however are not controlled by thr sinful nature, but are in the spirit. Romans 8:9a
Abby Macleod- "mass is so dumb, im pretty sure in PA when you get your lisence you're allowed to drunk drive"
Im breaking down. I couldnt do it... I almost went a whole day without tweeting.... Tweet tweet tweet.
Super lame night. Cleaned the house. Sat around. Bed soon. Wow am I 22 or 50?
Why does Friday always have to be the slowest day of the week? Friday needs to drink some coffee.
In Him we have redemption through His blood, thr forgivness of sins in accordance with the riches of God's grace. Ephesians 1:7
"The reason i lay awake at night. In this ghost town I've done something right." -Search The City.
When 7pm rolls around go to tylerandian.com click listen live and chill with the best for an hour. Simple as that.
Eating lunch on top of one of the tallest buildings in Amherst center. This is cool...
Andrew says: putting your hands in ice water gutters all day is cold.
Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path. Psalm 119:5
"Life's what happens while you're busy making plans". - G Love
As a prisioner of the Lord, then, i urge you to live a life worthy of the calling which you have recieved. Ephesians 4:1
I was gonna go home work out and stick to my diet. Instead i went to the hangar with tyler. Eh, pretty much equivilant.
Better late then never
Pure and undefiled religion is this: to look after orphans and widows in their distress and to keep unstained by the world. Jamed 1:27
Fin De La Semana
Amzing Grace saved a wretch like me..
Headed home from tylerandian show... Stopped to see Georgey at stop and shop.. Sorry lame tweet thats all i got.
@danjsargent yo you dont know nothin bout meth unless you was raised on the hard streets of Leverett
Just saw some dude walkin into cowls building supply wearing gucci sunglasses and clogs... That just aint right.
For we are God's workmanship created in Christ Jesus to do good works which God prepared in advance for us to do. Ephesians 2:10
Chillin out w/ G Love... Headed home
Went to the mall on a day that everybody has off...bad idea...neverin my life have i ever wanted to wreck so many little kids
@downbythelake youre forgetting one important piece if info... I live at camp
Wait...what? Boondock Saints 2?
My little sister just drove away by herself in my moms van...and its legal...weird im old.
Getting out early. To quote @rjeagles27 "yayaya"
"The sky was gold, it was rose, i was takin sips of it through my nose" Third Eye Blind... Dont exactly know why but i love those lyrics.
This is a good week. Vinyl siding all week. A break on Wednesday...and saturday night just cant get here fast enough.
For Gos sis not send his son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through Him. John 3:17
I've come to the conclusion that everything i say comes out wrong... Maybe speech lessons?
But those who hope in the LORD will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles... Isaiah 40:31a
Enjoying a delicious Dunkin Donuts breakfast courtesy of @dbourdeau. Thanks man!
@tonysalemi you need to listen to John M+er Trio. Theyre sick. It'll give you a whole new appreciation for Mayer.
What good is it my bretheren if people claim to have faith but have not works? James 2:14a
Cant wait til @tylerandianshow tonight. Tune in at tylerandian.com. Hope thats official already
Just saw a little kid dressed in horse riding gear. The audacity. He doesnt know anything about horses.
@ianbauer @tylerandianshow @dbordeau thanks guys see u all tonight
Yeah its true... Double dos today. Actually i forgot im only 20.
Therefore, as you have recieved Christ Jesus as Lord, so walk in Him. Colossians 2:6
Im at prayer meeting but this cant wait. Dan Clapp just said "it didnt cramp my style"
My first tweet from my new phone. My blackberry now resides on the bottom of my bosses pool.
Approximately 50' up on sketchy staging and the funny thing is I havnt been this happy at work in a long time.
I've recently realized that trail mix is one of my favorite foods. Thank you "Wholesome Medley"
Repent then, and turn to God, so that your sins may be wiped out, that times of refreshing may come from the Lord. Acts 3:19
I thoughtfully text my sister with memories from our childhood. What does she text back?....." Lol" and that's all.
Today is a good day. Making amends always feels the best in the end. Stop and Shop salad bar helps too.
I chose to have tea this morning. I was extra careful not to squeeze the bag into the tea... That's deadly you know.
Keep your lives free from the love of money, and be content with what you have... Hebrews 13:5a
Hanging out with Ian Mac has been an enlightening experience so far... I never knew my truck smelled like farts before tonight.
Just saw @rjeagles27 hard at work. I however was not.
@tylerandianshow how do I put this lightly?.... I'd rather jump off of poet's seat
Driving around Greenfield again... Why do I do this on my days off?
Woke up at 10:30 this morning... That's a first for about 5 years.
Hope I don't crash. My head is still in Schroon Lake..... See what I mean....sappy
This place is cool... I just wish Julie would stop talking about ski slopes. Jeez. Non-stop
At WOLBI for the day... Beginning to think I shouldn't have worn purp.
So many blessings and I don't deserve one of them. So thankful.
The one benefit of today is that I don't think its physically possible to ever have such a bad day again. Yeah... TGIF
Romans 10:12b For the same Lord is Lord of all, abounding in riches for all who call on Him.
On my way to Chicopee for dinner... This better be worth it.
Work talk
Mike- "yeah they're ok"
Me- "ok!?!" Dude you show me. 1 person that hates Dunkaroos and I'll remove them from the earth.
Scotch tape: awful, hates freedom. Also I'm in an exceptionally good mood today, surprising cause I'm in barfville again.
Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you. Matthew 7:7
Long drive back from Hadley... At least I've got Chris Sharma to keep me company....
If I were a lady I'd totally rock rain boots
Actually the time off of work would be a bonus... I hope I get pneumonia
Soaked and freezing... Hope I don't get pneumonia. That would kinda suck.
@tonysalemi you sleep too much....
This guy at work just made a coffee joke and a mother-in-law joke in the same sentence. Wow just wow.
You are the light of the world. A city on a hill can not be hidden. Matthew 5:14
Well it appears that Belchertown narrowly avoided a tsunami of barf. God spared them today...
Working in "Barfy Belchertown". This town will be filled with my barf by the end of the day.
God said "Let there be light" and there was light. Genesis 1:3..... Appropriate for the beautiful sunrise this morning.
Breaking my three week loser streak and actually hanging out with friends away from camp.
Every good and perfect gift is from above coming down from the Father of light in whom is no variation or shifting shadow. James 1:17
Just saw a former teacher of mine.. Mrs. Bloodsworth... Ironicly she's a vampire.
Amherst Ma: the only town where all of your pet peeves can happen in one day.
Bright eyed and bushy tailed...
Just left Cushman. They had my coffee ready for me when I got there. Nice... Creepy, but nice.
But now you also, put them all aside: anger, wrath, malice, slander, and abusive speech from your mouth. Colossians 3:8
What eats food?...... Coffee!
Colossians 3: read it.
At camp all night again.... I have to be a waiter for 70 pastors... This has potential to be akward
Currently waiting for my boss outside verizon... He needed a ride... Its been 45 minutes... this is a "no work tuesday"
Working in a former meth lab: good for the mind and body!
But in your hearts revere Christ as Lord..... 1 Peter 3:15
Working with a perfectionist today... He might get killed... Just sayin there's a line between good work and over kill.
Gotta say... I've been rockin out to the 90's beats lately... Aaaand I love it
If anyone lacks wisdom, you should ask God who gives generously to all, and it will be given to him. James 1:5
"Wake up you faithless, see your heartbreak gone"
@rjeagles27 I feel your pain man, I feel your pain
I look hardore new england redneck today... Flannel shirt, unshaven, jeans, workboots... The hair gel is really killing it.
Whatever is true, noble, right, pure, lovely, admirable, excellent or praiseworthy, think about such things. Phillippians 4:8
It is currently snowing in shutesbury, massachusetts. Too soon.... That's all I can say
New episode of Sunny In Philly. Waitress gets married... Should be funny. Hope Tylers happy now.
My bad habit of tailgating other drivers just got my life threatened. Maybe I should rethink my driving strategies...
Tylerandian.blogspot.com go there and listen live
Just got a half hour lecture on geese... Don't ask.
Today is going to be a great day. No doubt about it.
Consider it pure joy my bretheren when you encounter various trials. James 1:2
oh by the way... Kicked it old school with my converse today. Just thought that was a necessary detail
Prayer meeting was awesome. Back at camp doing nothing productive.
Well, I broke down and got reading glasses... Not sure if spending the weekend with P. Mac had anything to do with that decision.
Thought I might be in trouble for calling in sick... My boss just congratulated me on doing what he couldn't. Nice, Nice
"His wounds have paid my ransom"... Not a bible verse but I was feelin it this morning.
for being such a rainy day it's an absolutely beautiful night
"Can't help having clouded vision for at least a little while" - The Classic Crime
Well, I just got a BJ's membership now I can fulfill all of my bulk shopping needs
Let the word of Christ richly dwell within you with all wisdom teaching and admonishing one another with psalms hymns and spiritual song ...
ankfullness in your hearts to God. Colossians 3:16
Yeah definitely called in sick this morning... Irresponsible? Yes. Do I care? Absolutely not.
Riding with tyler and tony listening to what else besides... Beyonce
That weekend couldn't have lasted long enough. That's all
I might die... At least I'm with my pastor ill def go to heaven
Therefore if you have been raised up with Christ, keep seeking the things above... Colossians 2:17
That arrival time on the GPS will get down to where I want it to be.. Oh believe me it will go down...
@rjeagles27 it should be there dude
But seek first His kingdom and His righteousness and all these will be given to you. Matthew 6:33
Shows over... Back to deerfield
On my way to @tylerandianshow... Listen if you can.
My 30 year old coworker just admitted to me that he's scared of horses I wouldve laughed but a fear of llama's isnt much better
I definitely just hit myself in the face pretty hard by accident, funny thing is that's the third time today.
Therefore since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses let us throw aside everything that hinders us...Hebrews 12:1
Is it a bad thing that at the age of 21 I still get scared when I'm in this huge house by myself?
House sitting til tuesday in Polish Country... Aka South Deerfield.
There's just something about handling other peoples personal hygiene products that aint right to me...
Dear Cushman Store,
I promise I'll never go to Dunkin Donuts again. I had forgotten just how great you are.
Hebrews 4:12
Headed back home. Bad day great night.
@downbythelake nah I just have a hero complex... I'd save em
@downbythelake that's my biggest dream
I love my job, I love my job, I love my job... Nope didn't work...
I can do all things through Christ, who strengthens me. Phillippians 4:13
Going to bed early tonight. Man... I've been lame lately.
Sweet tea: nectar of the gods.
Therefore, there is now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus.. Romans 8:1
@legit_nlbc was great tonight
this group needs to bounce. now. thats all
Chillin at camp @ianbauer just got here.. Finally human contact
Well I'm at camp for the whole weekend, feel free to call, send a letter, a care package, stop by... Did I leave anything out?
I'm turning into the very thing I hate... I'm tired so I just ran and got a coffee... Sorry tyler
I wish every one of my friends were here to laugh at this with me.They are screaming at eachother over Nascar, fists might fly...
Lunch conversation has mostly been about Nascar... Needless to say I've been silent the whole time. Nascar sucks
So I'm learning slowly that @dbourdeau and I have essentially the same job, his is just way better.
Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see. Hebrews 11:1
Rotting my mind with Sunny in Philly. Worth it.
Rockin the mocks... My new favorite footwear.
@the @Tylerandianshow... Waiting for mcdave
Yes
Oh great, cold rain... If only I had my burly beard again...
On days like today I just want to be in my bed reading... Right now I'm working in an ice cold basement... Yeah I'm looking for pity.
Is it a bad thing when you have a nose bleed for an hour straight? Maybe if I start to get woozy....
Hot coffee + cold concrete floor = cold coffee... Rookie mistake... You're killin me smalls.
Therefore since we have been justified through faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. Romans 5:1
Finished up prayer meeting now back to the ends of the earth...
Sometimes you're just in the mood to listen to Lady GaGa and there's no reason to be ashamed.
0% facial hair... The beard experiment only lasted two weeks.
Come to me all who are weary and burdened and I will give you rest. Matthew 11:28
Just put out the fire with 2 pounds of gummy worms. Literally. Btw last tweet for tonight I've really gone overboard today.
Low key fire @ianbauer's... Oddly enough he's not here
Just left this sketchy place. It reminded me of the movie Sleepy Hollow I'm glad I had people with me I wouldve freaked.
Just got the rest of the day off... Paid! I guess that working hard does have some benefits.
Driving around all day sucks when you're not in the company truck
So speak and so act as those who are to be judged by the law of liberty. James 2:12
Aparently 2 breakfast burritos and a lot of water was my cure. Then again I am a doctor...
Feelin like crap today, hope it doesn't  last
Somedays I like the idea of working and making money... Today I wish I hadn't got my Ph.D in a year and a half.
For it is by grace you have been saved through faith, not from yourselves, but it is the gift of God. Ephesians 2:8
Oh great now I'm not gonna be able to sleep.
wow I hate the Giants
Just ate lunch... What else but a Celeste Individual Pizza.
On my way home.. Just saw a sign for emu meat on rt. 2.... Random
Whenever I'm sitting around a fire I wish I was intellegent so that I could say something meaningful and cliche
@danjsargent oh where'd u see Uncle Bernie
5 mile run 75% uphill. Not a good way to get back into it
Headed back home... Not having cell service is killin me
Goin to Greenfield, Shelburne Falls Coffee Roasters... Then grocery shopping
Worked @ work worked at camp... Now I'm bored
Its so nice out... Maybe ill take my junky japanese motorcycle home tonight.
The grass withers and the flower fades, But the word of our God stands forever. Isaiah 40:8
Dinner at the parents house now back home for the night
This marks 1 week of the beard experiment. The results so far: not so promising...
@tylerandianshow fair enough tyler fair enough
Pray for Chuck Allen
delicious and hearty dinner of pringles and tapioca pudding
subway guy asked if I wanted to try the new antioxidant tea. I said only if I never get sick ever. He guarenteed it. I smell a lawsuit
@juliemacleod if you did I'd owe you millions
The guy I'm working with is currently smoking while pouring gasoline. I hope I don't die, death is not on the agenda.
I don't need air... Anyone else?
oh wait they're replaying it immediately
tony and Tyler just beat resident evil 5. I've never been so happy to see something come to an end
Long drive back to camp... Bored out of my mind
Sensational sunset over grubby greenfield: ironic
@downbythelake sorry it was just irresistible
@downbythelake gonna get some hay down by the bay what do you say is it nay?
I just ate mcdonalds for the first time in months... Needless to say bad bad idea
@dbourdeau especially if you have to put down tack strips and padding
Who among you is wise and understanding? Let him show by his good deeds his acts in the gentleness of wisdom. James 3:13
I'm not supposed to shave until the Iron Man retreat when I agreed to the deal I forgot how my sparse facial hair makes me look like a rat.
I'm pumped. I just restrung a guitar that I found and it plays
I'm pumped. I just strum
Loilo and stitch
That last tweet was unintentional I placed a water bottle on my phone and it sent that. I just thought it necessary to explain that.
Y
Right in the middle of 93.1's flashback to the 80's.... Officially the worst era ever in music. Sorry @davebourdeau
Just found out that the secretary is reading "Twilight". I guess she's not that bad after all...
Just got out of prison... AKA spent the weekend counseling brats at camp.
Ever had something to eat and the first bite is amazing and the rest tastes like death... Very disappointing
@ tonysalemi subway
There's just something so degrading about being pulled off of a remodel job and having to go clean up vomit.
Me
I'm pretty sure everybody that can ride a bicycle with no hands thinks that they're the coolest person on planet earth. Its just not tha ...
Other than the fact that I just misspelled officially
I am offocially not an idiot!
Follow@tonysalemi
All of a sudden its a gorgeous day
I.   Am.    An.     Idiot
New favorite pizza slice: Antonio's spicy southwestern salad. The best fo sho.
@legit_nlbc how deep the father's love, grace like rain. (Not chains are gone don't freak out DJS)
Breakfast: the most important meal of the day. Also my fav.
Happy birthday @tylerandianshow
Best day I've had in a long time. The evening went by far too quickly.
I legit just listened to a message from a modeling company asking me to come in for an interview.
@ianbauer check her new pant suit should be there
@downbythelake. Can I please have your job?
I have approximately 8 hours to grow a full beard, gain 50 pounds of muscle, and learn how to wield an ax. I'm behind schedule.
Garage
On my way to get gas... Almost hit a beaver went off the road... Back on track
Went to mom and dad's for lunch
Currently looking like an official loser sitting by myself in an amusement park. There was no way I was going on flashback.
Currently listening to some bands version of "a whole new world" from aladdin. Shouldve gone to the gate
You hear things on the radio
I'm currently listening to Taylor Swift blasting on the church bus courtesy Marc Fifield
On the way to 6 flags in the rain this day has so much potentiay
Def. Had a good night. 6flags tomorrow?
Today I would compare myself with... MC Hammer
I never knew before last night that not being presumptuous makes you a loser.
I think I'm legit partially deaf. Just thought I'd throw that out there.
Home, tylerandianshow, home?
@juliemacleod that happens to me everyday. Only instead of my cousin its Tyler.
I just chilled and played guitar @ lunch. I gotta do that more often.
I just saw a bible on the side table in the apartment I'm working in. That's pretty cool even if it is the NIV.
I love Blistex Medicated. The kind of chapstick that gives you the tingly feeling.
@tylerandianshow, if I could type out feedback I would
Classic Crime- Albatross, all day, all week, always awesome.
"True spirituality comes from tenaciously holding on to Christ." - C.Ryrie
A full day of being a climbing poser and then going to Hangar drains the life out of you.
Going home to be a loser. Hopefully I won't buy more stuff online...
Hanging out with Tony and Tyler... I always feel like I might have to break up a fight.
chillin at home. my fingers are ripped up. i changed my mind my hands are not tough. yet.....
@juliemacleod,  yeah i'd still like to go. i know a place to go bouldering if you want to sometime this weekend.
@juliemacleod i would really like to when are you going? sorry i got your tweet so late
We just found my boss sleeping on a picnic table we woke him up asked him a question and he went back to bed
@dbourdeau I have no motivation nobody I work with works on fridays
I love fridays nothing gets done
I went outside this morning and couldn't find my vehicle. Turns out I just forgot the color of my truck again
I was gonna shave the stache and sideburns but decided against it. Gotta start growing now if I'm gonna be ready for winter.
I just heard a girl talking to her friend about how she is big on staying healthy. I later saw her outside smoking a cigarette. Hmmmmm...
Target, home, TylerandIanshow
If you're in the mood for some good music check out the band "needtobreathe" on myspace or itunes
They've decided to have me vaccum apartments all day. Talk about being demoted. Goodbye work belt, hello french maid outfit.
@ianbauer I saw that giant turkey again by the co-op. I thought about running it over
@tylerandianshow I was hoping you'd find me
@juliemacleod yeah thatd be cool I've never been so I need some pointers
Currently in gfld waiting to do P90X w/ Sam Johnson.... Driving around aimlessly
Went water skiing today that was a first
Going out on the CT river with Kevin and Tony
Just went by Dennys in Leominster. Hi jessica
After hiking all weekend I've decided I need to step it up and start rock climbing
@ ianbauer hahahaha
Tyler bourbeau ladies and gentleman he will be here all week
I'm pretty upset today. I found out I didn't win the lottery for 325 million dollars. My chances were pretty good 3 in 152 million.
@ianbauer hahaha cologne smells good
Brushing your teeth makes them clean.
Hahaha
My dad is doing his stand up routine... "If I were homeless I'd live somewhere warm. what's with these people living in new england."
Just ate now chilling on the floor probably it for the night
Hiking and twittering at the same time, this could prove to be very bad
@ianbauer hahaha
@dbourdeau where's that?
On the way to Maine
I just realized that it"s physically impossible for me to change the station when anything by Taylor Swift comes on.
@ianbauer sweet
Remember that time I moved two big mattresses into the house at camp by myself and Tyler sat there playing video games? Oh yeah that was ...
This guy I work with just described somebody as being ugly, ugly, ugly as sin and stupid as can be, but a real sweetheart
Free chill zones at cumbys today
@tylerandianshow confined to and understood by only an inner circle
Pizza with my new work buddy
Starbucks, Prayer, Home, Bed, That's All
Ajblonk says you sleep during naps
Naps are good!!!!!
@tylerandianshow yeah I miss jessica too
The rents took me out for dinner sweet deal
I have a bad relationship with shirts lately, they never last very long on my body
@ianbauer true on both counts I should call in (but won't) and it is rediculous that were twittering 2 feet from eachother
@ianbauer I won't get home till 3 then get up @ 6
Also congratulations lee browning I will not sleep too much tonight
Congratulations Lee Browning worst headrests ever I'd rather rest my head on a bed of snakes and spiders
I just ate a meal of salt and butter and grease..... Courtesy Denny's diner
I'm eating fries
"Closure in Moscow" they never shouldve opened in the first place
The bands Ivoryline and Kiros Awesome!
I just realized something, I'd rather eat a bowl full of hair than sit in traffic for one more minute
I legit just saw 2 peacocks on the back of a geo prism on the side of the road
Speaking of GI Joe and saunas, The only thing worse than watching GI Joe would have been to watch GI Joe in a sauna
Hanger... That's all
Just ran the montague mug race then went home and ate cake.
Got friday off: I've never been so happy to have a 3 day weekend
She had a very pretty face
Over the past several hours I've come to a stunning realization: me + chainsaw + wobbly step ladder= nothing good
@dbourdeau your boss sucks
Mall, new shoes, camp, playing w/ @ianbauer @davebourdeau @ tylerandianshow among others.
Driving around downtown Providence
Just ate really good fish n' chips. Went to a candy store a bought a chocolate covered twinkee
Rhode Island w/ @ianbauer, @tylerandianshow, @downbythelake and Joey Perry
Also vote for worst radio commercial ever, the comcast commercial featuring ben stein and shaq
I just made 20 dollars in ten minutes helping this lady move her daughters stuff in. Sweet deal
Diggig a drainage ditch using heavy equipment. The ony thing better would be chuck allen's hands
Sugarloaf frostee: best cheeseburgers on planet earth. LEGIT!
@dbordeau you will tonighti changed the set list to include hungry eyes
Two girls just laughed at me cause I'm belting out "Hungry Eyes". I guess I deserve it that is pretty rediculous
I just made a wasp really mad and it stung the guy I'm working with. Hahahaha
@ianbauer no just housesitting
All the way to Deerfield
I think I'm in love... With a new drink: "Berry Cherry" by VitaminWater
"Tainted Love" man that song sucks
Shout joyfully to God, all the earth; sing the glory of His name; make His praise glorius. Psalm 66: 1-2. Its gonna be a good day today
Key word though "truely"
Love never fails, therefore if we are truely displaying God's love to our brothers then we cannot fail and or stumble
My back is sore. Where's Sam Johnson
@ianbauer yes
I'm pretty short tempered, thankfully God isn't.
It would be sweet to drive an 18 wheeler
Remember that time tyler and I easily could have died running that red light on 63 when it had ben red for 2 full minutes.
Diner
Finally escaped lamefest
This party is lamefest 09
Hahaha
So what's the deal with corn nuts?
I just heard a rapper named Jermaine rapping about drinking Colt 45. Two words..... Come On!
It started to rain I accidently left the windows down in my beast. My beast is a '98 Ford Ranger
How many different types of flash drives are they gonna come up with? Can't even ask a legit question any more.
Its a quiet day in the world of Twitter
Let me answer your question... How do I say this... Absolutely not
Ate the best calzone of my life props to "The Common Italian". Also I would say @dbordeau does look like Mel. Surprised I never put that ...
I love driving 15 miles just to get some food at the nearest place
Killed the morning taking outlet covers off... Definetly not going to be productive today
Painting all day... Hope there's no gun stores on the way to belchertown
I've been listening to Owl City for about a half hour... Good stuff
I always love demo day. I get to be destructive for a purpose
I just met the dumbest spider in the world it built its web between the tub and the bath mat. Its gon' get crushed!
Hmmm funny I ate lunch today by myself sitting on an 8 foot step ladder in the shop
Bored......
Hahaha do u have somebody writing this stuff for u? Is it breast milk guy?
Went to Asian Buffet, saw Donnie and Mrs Dodge, ate too much, sat for too long and had to rush home if u know what I mean
"Coffee pot wasn't working this morning I was like OH NO!!!! I won't survive" - the stupid secretary at work
I literally just woke up right now and my first thought was that I hope I see that summer-salting squirrel again
I legit just saw a squirrel doing summer-salts down a small hill and go back up and do it again
So far today is pretty lame. About as lame as my Sean Connery impression. I can't wait til practice.
What's that Dylan? Poops and farts are always funny? Yeah I guess you're right
One of my jobs today is cutting down two trees at somebodys grave site.... Please don't curse me God
Going Grocery shopping in Greenfield
Also I've seen a lady power walk by in the same direction 5 times every time singing Michael Jackson's "Thriller". This town is nuts (th ...
I just saw a guy skateboarding wearing a helmet and pads but wearing a kilt and teva sandles guess where I am.... Yep Amherst
I'm gonna have six cups of coffee its monday. Wow coffee jokes are stupid!
I'm on the highest peak in massachusetts
Burger and fries from sugarloaf frostee... Nothin better
Home, run, practice
My least favorite comedian ever? Hmmmm.... Joby Salad
#moonfruit what the heck
"Its not about the money we make its about the passions that we aim for"
So far my day at work has consisted of my boss buying us breakfast and telling us to find something to do til 2 then go home pretty sweet
Goin to J.D.'S tonight maybe we'll see the president of the United States of Lamerica again
I'm in Belchertown not much here besides trees rocks big trucks deer and oh ... There's will stratford
Kevin Skinner: Will Stratfords great great great grandson. He really takes after ol' pappy
Weeding a garden... Surprisingly not a bad job
Whatley Diner
Chillin with the rents give me a call
Chillin in some random colleges gym watching what not to wear
J.D. Mccliments pub: Quality
I went to dd today they gave me the wrong drink I went in and said u give me the right drink or I'm gonna eat u and feed u to my dog lik ...
Two words to describe work: it sucks
Theese green eyes: Quality
At the classic crime
Called into work for a Flooded basement on a saturday suck fest 09
I just passed will stratford. He was somehow simultaniously driving a tractor, shooting a deer, and fixing an engine all at once
Is that part of your stand up?
still awake at ten at night and im online... i think i just entered a parallel universe
Eating sawdust definitely not nutritious
Ate primos pizza now I feel like I just ate 5 pounds of flour
Its final I'm starting a follow Will Stratford page
Chillin in the sun playin the guitar nothing better
I just played tug of war with a 40 foot tree and won
Brueggers buddies that sounds good
Hahaha
Shelburne falls coffee: the best way to start any day
Tyler and Tony: Friends or mortal enemies you tell me......
It would be like pruning supid shrubs all day long
It would be like eating the best burger you've ever had in your life
Just went for a run I forgot how much it hurts
Sorry but its true
Called into work on sunday..... No fun for an hour
Antonios @ midnight
I was ust at the place where I sank my van
How many guys does it take to turn a whole room backwards
I just passed Will Stratford pulling a trailer full of firewood. One word...... Typical
Sibbie's: dirty place good pizza
