apetrarca1
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/378800000475409816/c3fa4444df129618a7022767cc312445_400x400.jpeg
“But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” 
2 Corinthians 12:9 Peace !
“But, “Let the one who boasts boast in the Lord.””
2 Corinthians 10:17 Peace !
“Remember this: Whoever sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, and whoever sows generously will also reap generously.”
2 Corinthians 9:6
“God made him who had no sin to be sin for us, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God.”
2 Corinthians 5:21 Peace !
“Now the Lord is the Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom.”
2 Corinthians 3:17 Peace !
“Do not be misled: “Bad company corrupts good character.””
1 Corinthians 15:33 Peace !
“And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.”
1 Corinthians 13:13 Peace !
“Follow my example, as I follow the example of Christ.”
1 Corinthians 11:1 Peace !
“So, if you think you are standing firm, be careful that you don’t fall!”
1 Corinthians 10:12 Peace !
https://t.co/PKyLsLUzOa
“yet for us there is but one God, the Father, from whom all things came and for whom we live.
1 Corinthians 8:6
“But whoever is united with the Lord is one with him in spirit.”
1 Corinthians 6:17 Peace !
“For the kingdom of God is not a matter of talk but of power.”
1 Corinthians 4:20 Peace !
“For we are co-workers in God’s service; you are God’s field, God’s building.”
1 Corinthians 3:9 Peace !
“God is faithful, who has called you into fellowship with his Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.”
1 Corinthians 1:9 Peace !
“It is written: “ ‘As surely as I live,’ says the Lord, ‘every knee will bow before me; every tongue will acknowledge God.’ ””
Romans 14:11
“Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer.”
Romans 12:12 Peace !
https://t.co/5cgqGQyYDN
“For from him and through him and for him are all things. To him be the glory forever! Amen.”
Romans 11:36 Peace !
“for, “Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.””
Romans 10:13 Peace !
“The mind governed by the flesh is death, but the mind governed by the Spirit is life and peace.”
Romans 8:6 Peace !
“Thanks be to God, who delivers me through Jesus Christ our Lord! 
Romans 7:25
“For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.”
Romans 6:23 Peace !
“He was delivered over to death for our sins and was raised to life for our justification.”
Romans 4:25 Peace !
“To those who by persistence in doing good seek glory, honor and immortality, he will give eternal life.”
Romans 2:7 Peace !
https://t.co/2hLuwHDKVQ
“For I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God that brings salvation to everyone who believes.
Romans 1:16 Peace !
“From the Lord comes deliverance. May your blessing be on your people.”
Psalm 3:8 Peace !
“Listen, my son, and be wise, and set your heart on the right path:”
Proverbs 23:19 Peace !
“Humility is the fear of the Lord; its wages are riches and honor and life.”
Proverbs 22:4 Peace !
“Whoever pursues righteousness and love finds life, prosperity and honor.”
Proverbs 21:21 Peace !
“The human spirit is the lamp of the Lord that sheds light on one’s inmost being.”
Proverbs 20:27 Peace !
“Many are the plans in a person’s heart, but it is the Lord’s purpose that prevails.”
Proverbs 19:21 Peace !
http://t.co/ij4X4ptlST
“Great is our Lord and mighty in power; his understanding has no limit.”
Psalm 147:5 Peace !
“Worship the Lord with gladness; come before him with joyful songs.”
Psalm 100:2 Peace !
“The Lord is near to all who call on him, to all who call on him in truth.”
Psalm 145:18 Peace !
“Light in a messenger’s eyes brings joy to the heart, and good news gives health to the bones.”
Proverbs 15:30 Peace !
“‘For in him we live and move and have our being.’ 
Acts 17:28 Peace !
“Good judgment wins favor, but the way of the unfaithful leads to their destruction.”
Proverbs 13:15 Peace !
“Come, let us bow down in worship, let us kneel before the Lord our Maker;”
Psalm 95:6 Peace !
http://t.co/1I9jC0zDOF
“I say to the Lord, “You are my God.” Hear, Lord, my cry for mercy.”
Psalm 140:6 Peace !
““Therefore, my friends, I want you to know that through Jesus the forgiveness of sins is proclaimed to you.” Acts 13:38 Peace !
“The world and its desires pass away, but whoever does the will of God lives forever.”
1 John 2:17 Peace !
“The Lord’s hand was with them, and a great number of people believed and turned to the Lord.”
Acts 11:21
“All the prophets testify about him that everyone who believes in him receives forgiveness of sins through his name.””
Acts 10:43 Jesus !
“Praise the Lord, for the Lord is good; sing praise to his name, for that is pleasant.”
Psalm 135:3 Peace !
“For your ways are in full view of the Lord, and he examines all your paths.”
Proverbs 5:21 Peace !
“Get wisdom, get understanding; do not forget my words or turn away from them.”
Proverbs 4:5 Peace !
“And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.”
Philippians 4:7 Peace !
“Peter and the other apostles replied: “We must obey God rather than human beings!”
Acts 5:29 Peace !
“Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved.””
Acts 4:12 Jesus !
“Repent, then, and turn to God, so that your sins may be wiped out, that times of refreshing may come from the Lord,”
Acts 3:19 Peace !
“And everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.’”
Acts 2:21 Peace !
“Whoever conceals their sins does not prosper, but the one who confesses and renounces them finds mercy.”
Proverbs 28:13 Peace !
http://t.co/06kFsMGmhe
“Again Jesus said, “Peace be with you! As the Father has sent me, I am sending you.””
John 20:21 Peace !
“Our help is in the name of the Lord, the Maker of heaven and earth.”
Psalm 124:8 Peace !
“I lift up my eyes to you, to you who sit enthroned in heaven.”
Psalm 123:1 Peace !
“Now this is eternal life: that they know you, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom you have sent.”
John 17:3 Peace !
“Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus.”
1Thessalonians 5:16-18
“My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you.”
John 15:12 NIV Love !
http://t.co/xYYUSr6Oh1
http://t.co/TF2cuReEhZ
“I know that his command leads to eternal life. So whatever I say is just what the Father has told me to say.””
John 12:50 Peace !
“Then Jesus said, “Did I not tell you that if you believe, you will see the glory of God?””
John 11:40 Peace !
“The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy; I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full.”
John 10:10 Peace !
“Whoever gives heed to instruction prospers, and blessed is the one who trusts in the Lord.”
Proverbs 16:20 Peace !
“So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed.”
John 8:36 Peace !
On the last and greatest day of the festival, Jesus stood and said in a loud voice, Let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink.John 7:37
On the last and greatest day of the festival, Jesus stood and said in a loud voice, Let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink.John 7:37
http://t.co/PVBrD5rLvd
“Jesus answered, “The work of God is this: to believe in the one he has sent.””
John 6:29 Peace !
whoever hears my word and believes him who sent me has eternal life and will not be judged but has crossed over from death to life
John 5:24
“God is spirit, and his worshipers must worship in the Spirit and in truth.””
John 4:24 Peace !
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
John 3:16
“The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, and knowledge of the Holy One is understanding.”
Proverbs 9:10 Peace !
“In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.”
John 1:1 Peace !
“and repentance for the forgiveness of sins will be preached in his name to all nations, beginning at Jerusalem.”
Luke 24:47 Peace !
why do you judge your brother or sister? Or why do you treat them with contempt? For we will all stand before God’s judgment seat.
Rom14:10
“On reaching the place, he said to them, “Pray that you will not fall into temptation.””
Luke 22:40 NIV
http://t.co/wglrEgyS8X
“Stand firm, and you will win life.”
Luke 21:19 Peace !
“Do not be wise in your own eyes; fear the Lord and shun evil.”
Proverbs 3:7 Peace !
“For the Son of Man came to seek and to save the lost.””
Luke 19:10 Peace !
“Jesus replied, “What is impossible with man is possible with God.””
Luke 18:27 Peace !
“Jesus said to his disciples: “Things that cause people to stumble are bound to come, but woe to anyone through whom they come.”
Luke 17:1
““Every word of God is flawless; he is a shield to those who take refuge in him.”
Proverbs 30:5 Peace !
http://t.co/YLbZJ8c29A
“Sing to the Lord, praise his name; proclaim his salvation day after day.”
Psalm 96:2 Peace !
“For all those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted.””
Luke 14:11 Peace !
““Make every effort to enter through the narrow door, because many, I tell you, will try to enter and will not be able to.”
Luke 13:24 Peace
“But seek his kingdom, and these things will be given to you as well.”
Luke 12:31 Peace !
““So I say to you: Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.”
Luke 11:9 Peace !
“Go! I am sending you out like lambs among wolves.”
Luke 10:3 Peace !
““But what about you?” he asked. “Who do you say I am?” Peter answered, “God’s Messiah.””
Luke 9:20 Truth !
“For there is nothing hidden that will not be disclosed, and nothing concealed that will not be known or brought out into the open.Luke 8:17
“Jesus said to the woman, “Your faith has saved you; go in peace.””
Luke 7:50 Peace !
“Do to others as you would have them do to you.”
Luke 6:31 Peace !
“When Jesus saw their faith, he said, “Friend, your sins are forgiven.””
Luke 5:20 Peace !
“Jesus answered, “It is written: ‘Worship the Lord your God and serve him only.’ ””
Luke 4:8 Peace !
And a voice came from heaven: “You are my Son, whom I love; with you I am well pleased.””
Luke 3:22
http://t.co/ZuLkvWO1vr
““Glory to God in the highest heaven, and on earth peace to those on whom his favor rests.””
Luke 2:14 Peace !
“For no word from God will ever fail.””
Luke 1:37 Amen !
“Whoever believes and is baptized will be saved, but whoever does not believe will be condemned.”
Mark 16:16 Peace !
“Restore us, O God; make your face shine on us, that we may be saved.”
Psalm 80:3 Peace !
I am,said Jesus. “And you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Mighty One and coming on the clouds of heaven
Mark 14:62
“Jesus said to them: “Watch out that no one deceives you.”
Mark 13:5 Peace !
“Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength.’”
Mark 12:30 Peace !
http://t.co/AqwJMf395H
““Go,” said Jesus, “your faith has healed you.” Immediately he received his sight and followed Jesus along the road.”
Mark 10:52 Peace !
“Sitting down, Jesus called the Twelve and said, “Anyone who wants to be first must be the very last, and the servant of all.””
Mark 9:35
“What good is it for someone to gain the whole world, yet forfeit their soul?”
Mark 8:36
“For your ways are in full view of the Lord, and he examines all your paths.”
Proverbs 5:21 Peace !
“They went out and preached that people should repent.”
Mark 6:12 Peace !
“Overhearing what they said, Jesus told him, “Don’t be afraid; just believe.””
Mark 5:36 Peace !
http://t.co/IW6Pdhnndr
“He said to his disciples, “Why are you so afraid? Do you still have no faith?””
Mark 4:40 Peace !
“Truly I tell you, people can be forgiven all their sins and every slander they utter,”
Mark 3:28 Peace !
“When Jesus saw their faith, he said to the paralyzed man, “Son, your sins are forgiven.””
Mark 2:5 Peace !
““The time has come,” he said. “The kingdom of God has come near. Repent and believe the good news!””
Mark 1:15 Peace !
“Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit,”
Mat 28:19
“Whoever conceals their sins does not prosper, but the one who confesses and renounces them finds mercy.”
Proverbs 28:13 Peace !
““Watch and pray so that you will not fall into temptation. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.””
Matthew 26:41 Peace !
http://t.co/oBNct95sqe
““Therefore keep watch, because you do not know the day or the hour.”
Matthew 25:13 Peace !
“Jesus answered: “Watch out that no one deceives you.”
Matthew 24:4 Peace !
“For those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted.”
Matthew 23:12 Peace !
“Jesus replied: “ ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.’”
Matthew 22:37 Peace !
“Humility is the fear of the Lord; its wages are riches and honor and life.” Proverbs 22:4 Peace !
“Jesus had compassion on them and touched their eyes. Immediately they received their sight and followed him.”
Matthew 20:34 Peace !
“Jesus looked at them and said, “With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.””
Matthew 19:26 Peace !
http://t.co/vPRyW3Qncz
Therefore, whoever takes the lowly position of this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. (Matthew 18:4 NIV) Peace !
Then Jesus said to his disciples, “Whoever wants to be my disciple must deny themselves and take up their cross and follow me. Matthew 16:24
Then Jesus said to her, “Woman, you have great faith! Your request is granted.” And her daughter was healed at that moment. (Matthew 15:28
Immediately Jesus reached out his hand and caught him. “You of little faith,” he said, “why did you doubt?” (Matthew 14:31 NIV)
But blessed are your eyes because they see, and your ears because they hear. (Matthew 13:16 NIV) Peace !
For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister and mother.” (Matthew 12:50 NIV) Peace !
“Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest. (Matthew 11:28 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/KgLW22FrzB
Whoever does not take up their cross and follow me is not worthy of me. (Matthew 10:38 NIV) Peace !
Then Jesus said to the centurion, “Go! Let it be done just as you believed it would.” And his servant was healed at that moment. (Mat 8:13
For everyone who asks receives; the one who seeks finds; and to the one who knocks, the door will be opened. (Matthew 7:8 NIV) Peace !
But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. (Matthew 6:33 NIV) Peace !
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled. (Matthew 5:6 NIV) Peace !
Repent, for the kingdom of heaven has come near.” (Matthew 3:2 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/U9GP8nQEWe
For your ways are in full view of the Lord, and he examines all your paths. (Proverbs 5:21 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/O8LYHB43Kf
“Look, I am coming soon! My reward is with me, and I will give to each person according to what they have done. (Revelation 22:12 NIV) Peace
Do not forget my teaching, but keep my commands in your heart, (Proverbs 3:1 NIV) Peace !
Refrain from anger and turn from wrath; do not fret—it leads only to evil. (Psalm 37:8 NIV) Peace !
How priceless is your unfailing love, O God! People take refuge in the shadow of your wings. (Psalm 36:7 NIV) Peace !
“Every word of God is flawless; he is a shield to those who take refuge in him. (Proverbs 30:5 NIV) Peace !
Fear of man will prove to be a snare, but whoever trusts in the Lord is kept safe. (Proverbs 29:25 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/gPs9cIvSKh
For the word of the Lord is right and true; he is faithful in all he does. (Psalm 33:4 NIV) Peace !
I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come and eat with that person, and they with me.Rev3:20
RT @CSLewisDaily: "It was through Pride that the devil became the devil: Pride leads to every other vice: it is the complete anti-God state…
keep yourselves in God’s love as you wait for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ to bring you to eternal life. (Jude 1:21 NIV) Peace !
And this is the testimony: God has given us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. (1 John 5:11 NIV) Peace !
And this is his command: to believe in the name of his Son, Jesus Christ, and to love one another as he commanded us. (1 John 3:23 Peace !
The world and its desires pass away, but whoever does the will of God lives forever. (1 John 2:17 NIV) Peace !
Be alert and of sober mind. Your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devour. (1 Peter 5:8 NIV) Peace !
Finally, all of you, be like-minded, be sympathetic, love one another, be compassionate and humble. (1 Peter 3:8 NIV) Love !
As obedient children, do not conform to the evil desires you had when you lived in ignorance. (1 Peter 1:14 NIV) Peace !
Submit yourselves, then, to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you. (James 4:7 NIV) Peace !
Let perseverance finish its work so that you may be mature and complete, not lacking anything. (James 1:4 NIV) Peace !
since we are receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, let us be thankful, and so worship God acceptably with reverence and awe, (Heb 12:28
Whoever gives heed to instruction prospers, and blessed is the one who trusts in the Lord. (Proverbs 16:20 NIV) Peace !
You need to persevere so that when you have done the will of God, you will receive what he has promised. (Hebrews 10:36 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/GAcYpp1UDH
http://t.co/j5Fq4lO8DR
The wisdom of the prudent is to give thought to their ways, but the folly of fools is deception. (Proverbs 14:8 NIV) Peace !
For I will forgive their wickedness and will remember their sins no more.” (Hebrews 8:12 NIV) Grace !
We do not want you to become lazy, but to imitate those who through faith and patience inherit what has been promised. (Hebrews 6:12 NIV)
See to it, brothers and sisters, that none of you has a sinful, unbelieving heart that turns away from the living God. (Hebrews 3:12 NIV)
so that, having been justified by his grace, we might become heirs having the hope of eternal life. (Titus 3:7 NIV) Peace !
Preach the word; be prepared in season and out of season; correct, rebuke and encourage—with great patience and careful instruction.2Tim 4:2
All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, (2 Timothy 3:16 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/QDfjzeqxDp
Take hold of the eternal life to which you were called when you made your good confession in the presence of many witnesses. 1 Timothy 6:12
The Spirit clearly says that in later times some will abandon the faith and follow deceiving spirits and things taught by demons. (1 Tim 4:1
For there is one God and one mediator between God and mankind, the man Christ Jesus, (1 Timothy 2:5 NIV) Peace !
brothers and sisters, stand firm and hold fast to the teachings we passed on to you, whether by word of mouth or by letter. (2 Thess 2:15
Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus. (1 Thessalonians 5:16-18
For God did not call us to be impure, but to live a holy life. (1 Thessalonians 4:7 NIV) Peace !
Devote yourselves to prayer, being watchful and thankful. (Colossians 4:2 NIV) Peace !
Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one body you were called to peace. And be thankful. (Colossians 3:15)
Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. Phil 4:6
being confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus. (Philippians 1:6
Put on the full armor of God, so that you can take your stand against the devil’s schemes. (Ephesians 6:11 NIV) Peace !
For you were once darkness, but now you are light in the Lord. Live as children of light (Ephesians 5:8 NIV) Peace !
“In your anger do not sin”: Do not let the sun go down while you are still angry, and do not give the devil a foothold. (Ephesians 4:26-27)
For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith—and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God— (Ephesians 2:8 NIV)
for all of you who were baptized into Christ have clothed yourselves with Christ. (Galatians 3:27 NIV) Peace !
But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” 
(2 Corinthians 12:9) Peace !
The name of the Lord is a fortified tower; the righteous run to it and are safe. (Proverbs 18:10 NIV) Peace !
God made him who had no sin to be sin for us, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God. (2 Corinthians 5:21 NIV)
Now the Lord is the Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom. (2 Corinthians 3:17 NIV) Peace !
Be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong. Do everything in love. (1 Corinthians 16:13-14 NIV) Peace !
Do not be misled: “Bad company corrupts good character.” (1 Corinthians 15:33 NIV) Peace !
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love. (1 Corinthians 13:13 NIV) Peace !
Follow my example, as I follow the example of Christ. (1 Corinthians 11:1 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/wX32XoJBB9
So, if you think you are standing firm, be careful that you don’t fall! (1 Corinthians 10:12 NIV) Peace !
yet for us there is but one God, the Father, from whom all things came and for whom we live; 1 Corinthians 8:6
http://t.co/kvrNlWnuZx
Do you not know that your bodies are temples of the Holy Spirit, who is in you, whom you have received from God? 1 Corinthians 6:19 Peace !
@christianhosoi @stance just want to say what a cool guy Christian is when hanging at the skatepark. Peace brother in Christ. #stancehangout
For the kingdom of God is not a matter of talk but of power. (1 Corinthians 4:20 NIV) Peace !
For no one can lay any foundation other than the one already laid, which is Jesus Christ. (1 Corinthians 3:11 NIV) Peace !
God is faithful, who has called you into fellowship with his Son, Jesus Christ our Lord. (1 Corinthians 1:9 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/Pkinh6BwSu
Love must be sincere. Hate what is evil; cling to what is good. (Romans 12:9 NIV) Peace !
For from him and through him and for him are all things. To him be the glory forever! Amen. (Romans 11:36 NIV) Peace !
For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you profess your faith and are saved. Rom 10:10
Therefore, there is now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus, (Romans 8:1 Peace !
Thanks be to God, who delivers me through Jesus Christ our Lord! Romans 7:25 NIV) Amen !
For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord. (Romans 6:23 NIV) Pesce !
http://t.co/MZtjMD5Iua
and all are justified freely by his grace through the redemption that came by Christ Jesus. (Romans 3:24 NIV)
To those who by persistence in doing good seek glory, honor and immortality, he will give eternal life. (Romans 2:7 NIV) Peace !
For I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God that brings salvation to everyone who believes. (Romans 1:16 NIV) Peace !
The Lord is gracious and righteous; our God is full of compassion. (Psalm 116:5 NIV)
Not to us, Lord, not to us but to your name be the glory, because of your love and faithfulness. (Psalm 115:1 NIV) Peace !
A person may think their own ways are right, but the Lord weighs the heart. (Proverbs 21:2 NIV) Peace !
Let the name of the Lord be praised, both now and forevermore. (Psalm 113:2 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/J3G3yFlEVJ
Many are the plans in a person’s heart, but it is the Lord’s purpose that prevails. (Proverbs 19:21 NIV) Peace !
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones. (Proverbs 17:22 NIV) Peace !
RT @CSLewisDaily: "It is a happy moment when our desire crosses with the will of Heavenly Father." ~ #CSLewis
Whoever gives heed to instruction prospers, and blessed is the one who trusts in the Lord. (Proverbs 16:20 NIV) Peace !
With God we will gain the victory, and he will trample down our enemies. (Psalm 108:13 NIV) Peace !
Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; his love endures forever. (Psalm 107:1 NIV) Peace !
‘For in him we live and move and have our being.’ (Acts 17:28 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/HUT5PyeG3Q
They replied, “Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved—you and your household.” (Acts 16:31 NIV) Peace !
When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom. (Proverbs 11:2 NIV) Peace !
The Lord is compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, abounding in love. (Psalm 103:8 NIV) Peace !
“Therefore, my friends, I want you to know that through Jesus the forgiveness of sins is proclaimed to you. (Acts 13:38 NIV) Peace !
“Now then, my children, listen to me; blessed are those who keep my ways. (Proverbs 8:32 NIV) Peace !
For the Lord is good and his love endures forever; his faithfulness continues through all generations. (Psalm 100:5 NIV) Peace !
but God raised him from the dead on the third day and caused him to be seen. (Acts 10:40 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/0F1QJc00iV
he was led like a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before its shearers is silent, so he did not open his mouth. (Isaiah 53:7 NIV)
“He bore our sins” in his body on the cross, so that we might die to sins and live for righteousness; “by his wounds you have been healed.
http://t.co/4m4G3m13RP
And all are justified freely by his grace through the redemption that came by Christ Jesus. (Romans 3:24 NIV) Peace !
Peter and the other apostles replied: “We must obey God rather than human beings! (Acts 5:29 NIV) Peace !
Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved.” (Acts 4:12) Jesus !
Repent, then, and turn to God, so that your sins may be wiped out, that times of refreshing may come from the Lord, (Acts 3:19 NIV) Peace !
And everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.’ (Acts 2:21 NIV) Peace !
But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you; and you will be my witnesses.” (Acts 1:8 )
Then Jesus told him, “Because you have seen me, you have believed; blessed are those who have not seen and yet have believed.” (John 20:29)
You, Lord, are forgiving and good, abounding in love to all who call to you. (Psalm 86:5 NIV)
Do not let your heart envy sinners, but always be zealous for the fear of the Lord. (Proverbs 23:17 NIV) Peace !
My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you. (John 15:12 NIV) Love !
“If you love me, keep my commands. (John 14:15 NIV) Peace !
He is the atoning sacrifice for our sins, and not only for ours but also for the sins of the whole world. (1 John 2:2 NIV) Peace !
I have come into the world as a light, so that no one who believes in me should stay in darkness. (John 12:46 NIV) Peace !
Then Jesus said, “Did I not tell you that if you believe, you will see the glory of God?” (John 11:40 NIV)
“I am the good shepherd; I know my sheep and my sheep know me— (John 10:14 NIV) Peace !
So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed. (John 8:36 NIV) Peace !
A heart at peace gives life to the body, but envy rots the bones. (Proverbs 14:30 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/92BP3d3hNF
For my Father’s will is that everyone who looks to the Son and believes in him shall have eternal life, and I will raise them up.” John 6:40
From the fruit of their lips people are filled with good things, and the work of their hands brings them reward. (Proverbs 12:14) Peace !
From the fruit of their lips people are filled with good things, and the work of their hands brings them reward. (Proverbs 12:14) Peace !
God is spirit, and his worshipers must worship in the Spirit and in truth.” (John 4:24 NIV) Peace !
For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. (John 3:17 NIV)
As for me, I will always have hope; I will praise you more and more. (Psalm 71:14 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/ObAVZBVxvJ
In him was life, and that life was the light of all mankind. (John 1:4 NIV) Peace !
Keep my commands and you will live; guard my teachings as the apple of your eye. (Proverbs 7:2 NIV)
Our God is a God who saves; from the Sovereign Lord comes escape from death. (Psalm 68:20 NIV) Peace !
For your ways are in full view of the Lord, and he examines all your paths. (Proverbs 5:21 NIV) Peace !
http://t.co/iF5v8xdq3d
Stand firm, and you will win life. (Luke 21:19 NIV) Peace !
When we were overwhelmed by sins, you forgave our transgressions. (Psalm 65:3 NIV) Peace !
For the Lord gives wisdom; from his mouth come knowledge and understanding. (Proverbs 2:6 NIV)
http://t.co/wUmkcCHnvQ
For the Son of Man came to seek and to save the lost.” (Luke 19:10 NIV) Peace !
For the Lord your God is God of gods and Lord of lords, the great God, mighty and awesome, who shows no partiality. (Deuteronomy 10:17
if we are faithless, he remains faithful, for he cannot disown himself. (2 Timothy 2:13 NIV) Peace !
As a dog returns to its vomit, so fools repeat their folly. (Proverbs 26:11 NIV) Peace !
For great is your love, reaching to the heavens; your faithfulness reaches to the skies. (Psalm 57:10 NIV) Peace !
For all those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted.” (Luke 14:11 NIV) Peace !
There is surely a future hope for you, and your hope will not be cut off. (Proverbs 23:18 NIV) Hope !
http://t.co/lGdH2oDNsI
You also must be ready, because the Son of Man will come at an hour when you do not expect him.” (Luke 12:40 NIV) Peace !
He replied, “Blessed rather are those who hear the word of God and obey it.” (Luke 11:28 NIV) Peace !
“As for God, his way is perfect: The Lord’s word is flawless; he shields all who take refuge in him. (2 Samuel 22:31 NIV) Peace !
“But what about you?” he asked. “Who do you say I am?” Peter answered, “God’s Messiah.” (Luke 9:20 NIV) Truth !
He replied, “My mother and brothers are those who hear God’s word and put it into practice.” Luke 8:21 Peace !
“I am the good shepherd; I know my sheep and my sheep know me— (John 10:14 NIV) Peace !
Whoever gives heed to instruction prospers, and blessed is the one who trusts in the Lord. (Proverbs 16:20 NIV)
“I know that you can do all things; no purpose of yours can be thwarted. (Job 42:2 NIV) Peace !
Jesus answered, “It is written: ‘Worship the Lord your God and serve him only.’ ” (Luke 4:8 NIV) Peace !
Walk with the wise and become wise, for a companion of fools suffers harm. (Proverbs 13:20 NIV) Truth !
Truthful lips endure forever, but a lying tongue lasts only a moment. (Proverbs 12:19 NIV) Peace !
When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom. (Proverbs 11:2 NIV) Peace !
He said to them, “Go into all the world and preach the gospel to all creation. (Mark 16:15 NIV)
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, and knowledge of the Holy One is understanding. (Proverbs 9:10 NIV)
Watch and pray so that you will not fall into temptation. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.” (Mark 14:38 NIV) Pray !
Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength.’(Mark 12:30 NIV) Love !
“Have faith in God,” Jesus answered. (Mark 11:22 NIV) Faith !
What good is it for someone to gain the whole world, yet forfeit their soul? (Mark 8:36 NIV)
Be strong and take heart, all you who hope in the Lord. (Psalm 31:24 NIV) Peace !
The Lord is my shepherd, I lack nothing. (Psalm 23:1 NIV) Peace !
The Lord gives strength to his people; the Lord blesses his people with peace. (Psalm 29:11 NIV) Peace !
He said to his disciples, “Why are you so afraid? Do you still have no faith?” (Mark 4:40 NIV) Faith !
Wait for the Lord; be strong and take heart and wait for the Lord. (Psalm 27:14 NIV) Peace !
Jesus said to them, “It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick. I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners.” (Mark 2:17)
“The time has come,” he said. “The kingdom of God has come near. Repent and believe the good news!” (Mark 1:15 NIV) Peace !
Who is he, this King of glory? The Lord Almighty— he is the King of glory. (Psalm 24:10 NIV) Peace !
“Watch and pray so that you will not fall into temptation. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.” (Matthew 26:41 NIV) Peace !
“Therefore keep watch, because you do not know the day or the hour. (Matthew 25:13 NIV) Peace !
but the one who stands firm to the end will be saved. (Matthew 24:13 NIV) Stand !
As for God, his way is perfect: The Lord’s word is flawless; he shields all who take refuge in him. (Psalm 18:30 NIV) Peace !
Not so with you. Instead, whoever wants to become great among you must be your servant, (Matthew 20:26 NIV) Peace !
Jesus looked at them and said, “With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.” (Matthew 19:26 NIV) Peace !
Therefore, whoever takes the lowly position of this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. (Matthew 18:4 NIV) Peace !
Then Jesus said to his disciples, “Whoever wants to be my disciple must deny themselves and take up their cross and follow me. Matthew 16:24
Then Jesus said to her, “Woman, you have great faith! Your request is granted.” And her daughter was healed at that moment. (Matthew 15:28
Then the righteous will shine like the sun in the kingdom of their Father. Whoever has ears, let them hear. (Matthew 13:43 NIV)
Peace !
Those who know your name trust in you, for you, Lord, have never forsaken those who seek you. (Psalm 9:10 NIV) Peace !
Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. (Matthew 11:29 NIV)
As you go, proclaim this message: ‘The kingdom of heaven has come near.’ (Matthew 10:7 NIV)
Jesus turned and saw her. “Take heart, daughter,” he said, “your faith has healed you.” And the woman was healed at that moment. (Matt 9:22
Then Jesus said to the centurion, “Go! Let it be done just as you believed it would.” And his servant was healed at that moment. (Matt 8:13
“Watch out for false prophets. They come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are ferocious wolves. (Matthew 7:15 NIV)
Dillon's message this past weekend @ Beachcities Church.             http://t.co/1wsQnrSjVM
But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. (Matthew 6:33 NIV)
The Lord gives strength to his people; the Lord blesses his people with peace. (Psalm 29:11 NIV)
“But blessed is the one who trusts in the Lord, whose confidence is in him. (Jeremiah 17:7 NIV)
Repent, then, and turn to God, so that your sins may be wiped out, that times of refreshing may come from the Lord, (Acts 3:19 NIV)
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. (John 1:1 NIV)
Come!” Let the one who is thirsty come; and let the one who wishes take the free gift of the water of life. (Revelation 22:17 NIV)
He who did not spare his own Son, but gave him up for us all-how will he not also, along with him, graciously give us all things? Rom 8:32
Blessed is the one who always trembles before God, but whoever hardens their heart falls into trouble. (Proverbs 28:14 NIV)
Blessed are those who keep his statutes and seek him with all their heart— (Psalm 119:2 NIV)
Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.Matthew 28:19
Jesus replied, “Very truly I tell you, no one can see the kingdom of God unless they are born again. ” (John 3:3 NIV) Truth !
And he will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace. (Isaiah 9:6 Merry Christmas !
“Glory to God in the highest heaven, and on earth peace to those on whom his favor rests.” (Luke 2:14 NIV)
This is how God showed his love among us: He sent his one and only Son into the world that we might live through him. (1 John 4:9 NIV)
This is the confidence we have in approaching God: that if we ask anything according to his will, he hears us. (1 John 5:14 NIV)
The kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our Lord and of his Messiah, and he will reign for ever and ever.” (Revelation 11:15 NIV)
For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. (John 3:17 NIV)
But whoever disowns me before others, I will disown before my Father in heaven. (Matthew 10:33 NIV)
Your love, Lord, reaches to the heavens, your faithfulness to the skies. (Psalm 36:5 NIV)
We have seen his glory, the glory of the one and only Son, who came from the Father, full of grace and truth. (John 1:14 NIV)
Let us approach God’s throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need. Heb4:16
Out of the same mouth come praise and cursing. My brothers and sisters, this should not be. (James 3:10 NIV)
But by the grace of God I am what I am, and his grace to me was not without effect. 1 Corinthians 15:10
I am coming soon. Hold on to what you have, so that no one will take your crown. (Revelation 3:11 NIV)
No one can be established through wickedness, but the righteous cannot be uprooted. (Proverbs 12:3 NIV)
“I am the Alpha and the Omega,” says the Lord God, “who is, and who was, and who is to come, theAlmighty.” Revelation 1:8 
Peace !
keep yourselves in God’s love as you wait for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ to bring you to eternal life. (Jude 1:21 NIV)
As for me, I call to God, and the Lord saves me. (Psalm 55:16 NIV)
Watch out that you do not lose what we have worked for, but that you may be rewarded fully. (2 John 1:8 NIV)
And this is the testimony: God has given us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. (1 John 5:11 NIV)
This is how God showed his love among us: He sent his one and only Son into the world that we might live through him. (1 John 4:9 NIV)
And this is his command: to believe in the name of his Son, Jesus Christ, and to love one another as he commanded us. (1 John 3:23 NIV)
But if anyone obeys his word, love for God is truly made complete in them. This is how we know we are in him: (1 John 2:5 NIV)
If we claim to have fellowship with him and yet walk in the darkness, we lie and do not live out the truth. (1 John 1:6 NIV)
But in keeping with his promise we are looking forward to a new heaven and a new earth, where righteousness dwells. (2 Peter 3:13)
So then, each of us will give an account of ourselves to God. (Romans 14:12 NIV)
Grace and peace be yours in abundance through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. (2 Peter 1:2 NIV)
Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you. (1 Peter 5:7 NIV)
Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. (1 Peter 4:8 NIV)
I will praise God’s name in song and glorify him with thanksgiving. (Psalm 69:30 NIV) Happy Thanksgiving!
For it is God’s will that by doing good you should silence the ignorant talk of foolish people. (1 Peter 2:15 NIV)
As obedient children, do not conform to the evil desires you had when you lived in ignorance. (1 Peter 1:14 NIV)
You too, be patient and stand firm, because the Lord’s coming is near. (James 5:8 NIV)
Submit yourselves, then, to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you. (James 4:7 NIV)
Out of the same mouth come praise and cursing. My brothers and sisters, this should not be. (James 3:10 NIV)
If you really keep the royal law found in Scripture, “Love your neighbor as yourself,” you are doing right. (James 2:8 NIV)
Let perseverance finish its work so that you may be mature and complete, not lacking anything. (James 1:4 NIV)
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever. (Hebrews 13:8 NIV)
since we are receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, let us be thankful, and so worship God acceptably with reverence and awe. Heb12:28
keep a clear conscience, so that those who speak maliciously against your good behavior in Christ may be ashamed of their slander.1Peter3:16
The Lord your God is with you, the Mighty Warrior who saves. He will take great delight in you. Zephaniah 3:17
You need to persevere so that when you have done the will of God, you will receive what he has promised. (Hebrews 10:36 NIV)
Let us hold unswervingly to the hope we profess, for he who promised is faithful. (Hebrews 10:23 NIV)
Whoever gives heed to instruction prospers, and blessed is the one who trusts in the Lord. (Proverbs 16:20 NIV)
For I will forgive their wickedness and will remember their sins no more.” (Hebrews 8:12 NIV)
keep yourselves in God’s love as you wait for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ to bring you to eternal life. (Jude 1:21 NIV)
We do not want you to become lazy, but to imitate those who through faith and patience inherit what has been promised. (Hebrews 6:12 NIV)
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, and knowledge of the Holy One is understanding. (Proverbs 9:10 NIV)
Let us then approach God’s throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us. (Heb 4:16
But encourage one another daily, as long as it is called “Today,” so that none of you may be hardened by sin’s deceitfulness. (Hebrews 3:13
Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one body you were called to peace. And be thankful. (Colossians 3:15 NIV)
The Son is the radiance of God’s glory and the exact representation of his being, sustaining all things by his powerful word. (Hebrews 1:3
“His eyes are on the ways of mortals; he sees their every step. (Job 34:21 NIV)
so that, having been justified by his grace, we might become heirs having the hope of eternal life. (Titus 3:7 NIV)
To the pure, all things are pure, but to those who are corrupted and do not believe, nothing is pure. Titus 1:15 NIV)
For the time will come when people will not put up with sound doctrine. (2 Timothy 4:3 NIV)
All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, (2 Timothy 3:16 NIV)
I endure everything for the sake of the elect, that they too may obtain the salvation that is in Christ Jesus, with eternal glory.2Tim 2:10
For the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid, but gives us power, love and self-discipline. (2 Timothy 1:7 NIV)
For we brought nothing into the world, and we can take nothing out of it. (1 Timothy 6:7 NIV)
In peace I will lie down and sleep, for you alone, Lord, make me dwell in safety. (Psalm 4:8 NIV)
You will keep in perfect peace those whose minds are steadfast, because they trust in you. (Isaiah 26:3 NIV)
Those who have served well gain an excellent standing and great assurance in their faith in Christ Jesus. (1 Timothy 3:13 NIV)
For there is one God and one mediator between God and mankind, the man Christ Jesus, (1 Timothy 2:5 NIV)
The goal of this command is love, which comes from a pure heart and a good conscience and a sincere faith. (1 Timothy 1:5 NIV)
But the Lord is faithful, and he will strengthen you and protect you from the evil one. (2 Thessalonians 3:3 NIV)
Do not merely listen to the word, and so deceive yourselves. Do what it says. (James 1:22 NIV)
We do not want you to become lazy, but to imitate those who through faith and patience inherit what has been promised. (Hebrews 6:12 NIV)
Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus. (1 Thessalonians 5:16-18
For God did not call us to be impure, but to live a holy life. (1 Thessalonians 4:7 NIV)
This is my command: Love each other. (John 15:17 NIV)
encouraging, comforting and urging you to live lives worthy of God, who calls you into his kingdom and glory. (1 Thessalonians 2:12 NIV)
For we know, brothers and sisters loved by God, that he has chosen you, (1 Thessalonians 1:4 NIV)
Devote yourselves to prayer, being watchful and thankful. (Colossians 4:2 NIV)
Set your minds on things above, not on earthly things. (Colossians 3:2 NIV)
He reveals deep and hidden things; he knows what lies in darkness, and light dwells with him. (Daniel 2:22 NIV)
For he has rescued us from the dominion of darkness and brought us into the kingdom of the Son he loves. Colossians 1:13
I can do all this through him who gives me strength. (Philippians 4:13 NIV)
I press on toward the goal to win the prize for which God has called me heavenward in Christ Jesus. (Philippians 3:14
In your relationships with one another, have the same mindset as Christ Jesus: (Philippians 2:5 NIV)
being confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus. (Philippians 1:6
Put on the full armor of God, so that you can take your stand against the devil’s schemes. (Ephesians 6:11 NIV)
Therefore do not be foolish, but understand what the Lord’s will is. (Ephesians 5:17 NIV)
Be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another in love. (Ephesians 4:2 NIV)
In him and through faith in him we may approach God with freedom and confidence. (Ephesians 3:12 NIV)
For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith—and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God— (Ephesians 2:8 NIV)
Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved.” (Acts 4:12 NIV)
Do not be deceived: God cannot be mocked. A man reaps what he sows. (Galatians 6:7 NIV)
It is for freedom that Christ has set us free. Stand firm, then, and do not let yourselves be burdened again by a yoke of slavery. (Gal 5:1
So then, each of us will give an account of ourselves to God. (Romans 14:12 NIV)
So in Christ Jesus you are all children of God through faith, (Galatians 3:26 NIV)
I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. Galatians 2:20
Grace and peace to you from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ, (Galatians 1:3 NIV)
What good is it for someone to gain the whole world, yet forfeit their soul? (Mark 8:36 NIV)
But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” (2 Corinthians 12:9 NIV)
A person may think their own ways are right, but the Lord weighs the heart. (Proverbs 21:2 NIV)
It is to one’s honor to avoid strife, but every fool is quick to quarrel. (Proverbs 20:3 NIV)
@apetrarca1 For it is not the one who commends himself who is approved, but the one whom the Lord commends. (2 Corinthians 10:18 NIV)
Thanks be to God for his indescribable gift! (2 Corinthians 9:15 NIV)
A discerning person keeps wisdom in view, but a fool’s eyes wander to the ends of the earth. (Proverbs 17:24 NIV)
A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for a time of adversity. (Proverbs 17:17 NIV)
And, “I will be a Father to you, and you will be my sons and daughters, says the Lord Almighty.” (2 Corinthians 6:18 NIV) Peace !
And he died for all, that those who live should no longer live for themselves but for him who died for them and was raised again. 2 Cor 5:15
So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen, since what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal. (2 Cor 4:18
Now the Lord is the Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom. (2 Corinthians 3:17 NIV) Peace !
In order that Satan might not outwit us. For we are not unaware of his schemes. (2 Corinthians 2:11 NIV) Peace !
On him we have set our hope that he will continue to deliver us, (2 Corinthians 1:10 NIV)
Be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong. Do everything in love. (1 Corinthians 16:13-14 NIV)
Do not be misled: “Bad company corrupts good character.” (1 Corinthians 15:33 NIV)
For what I received I passed on to you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, (1Corinthians 15:3
For God is not a God of disorder but of peace—as in all the congregations of the Lord’s people. (1 Corinthians 14:33 NIV)
But to each one of us grace has been given as Christ apportioned it. (Ephesians 4:7 NIV)
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love. (1 Corinthians 13:13 NIV)
Now you are the body of Christ, and each one of you is a part of it. (1 Corinthians 12:27 NIV)
He says, “Be still, and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations, I will be exalted in the earth.” (Psalm 46:10 NIV)
No, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us. (Romans 8:37 NIV)
Let us examine our ways and test them, and let us return to the Lord. (Lamentations 3:40 NIV)
So, if you think you are standing firm, be careful that you don’t fall! (1 Corinthians 10:12 NIV)
Do you not know that in a race all the runners run, but only one gets the prize? Run in such a way as to get the prize. (1 Corinthians 9:24)
But whoever loves God is known by God. (1 Corinthians 8:3 NIV)
You will keep in perfect peace those whose minds are steadfast, because they trust in you. (Isaiah 26:3 NIV) Peace !
But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moths and vermin do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal.Mat 6:20
But whoever is united with the Lord is one with him in spirit. (1 Corinthians 6:17 NIV)
To the thirsty I will give water without cost from the spring of the water of life. (Revelation 21:6 NIV)
For the kingdom of God is not a matter of talk but of power. (1 Corinthians 4:20 NIV)
For no one can lay any foundation other than the one already laid, which is Jesus Christ. (1 Corinthians 3:11 NIV)
What no eye has seen, what no ear has heard, and what no human mind has conceived”the things God has prepared for those who love him 1Cor2:9
God is faithful, who has called you into fellowship with his Son, Jesus Christ our Lord. (1 Corinthians 1:9 NIV)
For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith—and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God— (Ephesians 2:8 NIV)
What no eye has seen, what no ear has heard, and what no human mind has conceived the things God has prepared for those who love him1Cor 2:9
May the God who gives endurance and encouragement give you the same attitude of mind toward each other that Christ Jesus had, (Romans 15:5
The night is nearly over; the day is almost here. So let us put aside the deeds of darkness and put on the armor of light. (Romans 13:12 NIV
For the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid, but gives us power, love and self-discipline. (2 Timothy 1:7 NIV)
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. (Romans 12:12 NIV)
For from him and through him and for him are all things. To him be the glory forever! Amen. (Romans 11:36 NIV)
And if by grace, then it cannot be based on works; if it were, grace would no longer be grace. (Romans 11:6 NIV)
If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. Romans 10:9
It does not, therefore, depend on human desire or effort, but on God’s mercy. (Romans 9:16 NIV)
What, then, shall we say in response to these things? If God is for us, who can be against us? (Romans 8:31 NIV)
The mind governed by the flesh is death, but the mind governed by the Spirit is life and peace. (Romans 8:6 NIV)
Thanks be to God, who delivers me through Jesus Christ our Lord! (Romans 7:25 NIV) Peace !
For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord. (Romans 6:23 NIV)
so that all people may know of your mighty acts and the glorious splendor of your kingdom. (Psalm 145:12 NIV)
He was delivered over to death for our sins and was raised to life for our justification. (Romans 4:25 NIV)
But for those who are self-seeking and who reject the truth and follow evil, there will be wrath and anger. (Romans 2:8 NIV)
"The righteous will live by faith.” (Romans 1:17 NIV)
But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.”          2 Corinthians 12:9
Therefore, since we have been justified through faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, (Romans 5:1 NIV)
give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus. (1 Thessalonians 5:18 NIV)
Thanks be to God for his indescribable gift! (2 Corinthians 9:15 NIV)
pray continually, (1 Thessalonians 5:17 NIV)
rejoice in all the good things the Lord your God has given to you and your household. (Deuteronomy 26:11 NIV)
God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble. (Psalm 46:1 NIV)
Lord, you establish peace for us; all that we have accomplished you have done for us. (Isaiah 26:12 NIV)
They will see his face, and his name will be on their foreheads. (Revelation 22:4 NIV)
You will be his witness to all people of what you have seen and heard. (Acts 22:15 NIV)
I delight greatly in the Lord; my soul rejoices in my God. For he has clothed me with garments of salvation. (Isaiah 61:10 NIV)
Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. (John 14:6 NIV)
Be shepherds of the church of God, which he bought with his own blood. (Acts 20:28 NIV) Peace !
“Do not judge, and you will not be judged. Do not condemn, and you will not be condemned. Forgive, and you will be forgiven. (Luke 6:37 NIV)
May these words of my mouth and this meditation of my heart be pleasing in your sight, Lord, my Rock and my Redeemer. (Psalm 19:14 NIV)
He must become greater; I must become less.” (John 3:30 NIV)
Sovereign Lord, you have made the heavens and the earth by your great power and outstretched arm. Nothing is too hard for you. Jer 32:17
‘For in him we live and move and have our being.’ (Acts 17:28 NIV)
The law of the Lord is perfect, refreshing the soul. The statutes of the Lord are trustworthy, making wise the simple. (Psalm 19:7 NIV)
My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you. (John 15:12 NIV) Peace !
For the Lord gives wisdom; from his mouth come knowledge and understanding. (Proverbs 2:6 NIV)
This is love: not that we loved God, but that he loved us and sent his Son as an atoning sacrifice for our sins. (1 John 4:10 NIV) Peace !
“Therefore, my friends, I want you to know that through Jesus the forgiveness of sins is proclaimed to you. (Acts 13:38 NIV) Peace !
In his distress he sought the favor of the Lord his God and humbled himself greatly before the God of his ancestors. (2 Chronicles 33:12)
Praise be to the Lord, to God our Savior, who daily bears our burdens. (Psalm 68:19 NIV)
He will bring you a message through which you and all your household will be saved.’ (Acts 11:14 NIV)
All the prophets testify about him that everyone who believes in him receives forgiveness of sins through his name.” (Acts 10:43 NIV)
For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. (John 3:17 NIV)
Worthy is the Lamb, who was slain, to receive power and wealth and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and praise !       Rev 5:12
Trust in the Lord forever, for the Lord, the Lord himself, is the Rock eternal. (Isaiah 26:4 NIV)
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness. (1 John 1:9 NIV)
Since, then, you have been raised with Christ, set your hearts on things above, where Christ is, seated at the right hand of God. (Col 3:1
Praise be to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of compassion and the God of all comfort, (2 Corinthians 1:3 NIV)
Submit yourselves, then, to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you. (James 4:7 NIV)
But they could not stand up against the wisdom the Spirit gave him as he spoke. (Acts 6:10 NIV)
Peter and the other apostles replied: “We must obey God rather than human beings! (Acts 5:29 NIV)
Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved.” (Acts 4:12 NIV)
Repent, then, and turn to God, so that your sins may be wiped out, that times of refreshing may come from the Lord, (Acts 3:19 NIV)
And everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.’ (Acts 2:21 NIV)
What, then, shall we say in response to these things? If God is for us, who can be against us? (Romans 8:31 NIV)
He said to them: “It is not for you to know the times or dates the Father has set by his own authority. (Acts 1:7 NIV)
Again Jesus said, “Peace be with you! As the Father has sent me, I am sending you.” (John 20:21 NIV)
keep your head in all situations, endure hardship, do the work of an evangelist, discharge all the duties of your ministry. (2 Timothy 4:5)
Put on the full armor of God, so that you can take your stand against the devil’s schemes. (Ephesians 6:11 NIV)
He said to them, “Watch out! Be on your guard against all kinds of greed; life does not consist in an abundance of possessions.”  Luke 12:15
Since we live by the Spirit, let us keep in step with the Spirit. (Galatians 5:25 NIV)
Now this is eternal life: that they know you, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom you have sent. (John 17:3 NIV)
Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, the new creation has come: The old has gone, the new is here! (2 Corinthians 5:17 NIV)
My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you. (John 15:12 NIV)
‘For in him we live and move and have our being.’ As some of your own poets have said, ‘We are his offspring.’ (Acts 17:28 NIV)
Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. (John 14:6 NIV)
By this everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you love one another.” (John 13:35 NIV)
I have set you an example that you should do as I have done for you. (John 13:15 NIV)
I have come into the world as a light, so that no one who believes in me should stay in darkness. (John 12:46 NIV)
“Hosanna! ” “Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord!” “Blessed is the king of Israel!” (John 12:13)
Jesus replied: “ ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.’ (Matthew 22:37 NIV)
Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. The one who believes in me will live, even though they die; (John 11:25 NIV)
Live as free people, but do not use your freedom as a cover-up for evil; live as God’s slaves. (1 Peter 2:16 NIV)
My sheep listen to my voice; I know them, and they follow me. (John 10:27 NIV)
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. (Romans 12:12 NIV)
Dear children, let us not love with words or speech but with actions and in truth. (1 John 3:18 NIV)
Serve wholeheartedly, as if you were serving the Lord, not people, (Ephesians 6:7 NIV)
So the law was our guardian until Christ came that we might be justified by faith. (Galatians 3:24 NIV)
Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.” (John 8:32 NIV)
Be devoted to one another in love. Honor one another above yourselves. (Romans 12:10 NIV)
Whoever believes in me, as Scripture has said, rivers of living water will flow from within them.” (John 7:38 NIV)
Pray also for me, that whenever I speak, words may be given me so that I will fearlessly make known the mystery of the gospel.Ephesians 6:19
The Spirit gives life; the flesh counts for nothing. The words I have spoken to you—they are full of the Spirit and life. (John 6:63)
For my Father’s will is that everyone who looks to the Son and believes in him shall have eternal life. John 6:40
The grass withers and the flowers fall, but the word of our God endures forever.” (Isaiah 40:8 NIV)
Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will never pass away. (Matthew 24:35 NIV)
Later Jesus found him at the temple and said to him, “See, you are well again. Stop sinning or something worse may happen to you.” John 5:14
So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed. (John 8:36 NIV)
Know that the Lord is God. It is he who made us, and we are his; we are his people, the sheep of his pasture. (Psalm 100:3 NIV)
keep yourselves in God’s love as you wait for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ to bring you to eternal life. (Jude 1:21 NIV)
He must become greater; I must become less.” (John 3:30 NIV)
John 3:17 NIV
For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him.
He did not need any testimony about mankind, for he knew what was in each person. (John 2:25 NIV)
You will keep in perfect peace those whose minds are steadfast, because they trust in you. (Isaiah 26:3 NIV)
Out of his fullness we have all received grace in place of grace already given. (John 1:16 NIV)
Restore to me the joy of your salvation and grant me a willing spirit, to sustain me. (Psalm 51:12 NIV) Peace !
who gave himself for our sins to rescue us from the present evil age, according to the will of our God and Father, (Galatians 1:4 NIV)
But I am like an olive tree flourishing in the house of God; I trust in God’s unfailing love for ever and ever. (Psalm 52:8 NIV) Peace !
PSA 19:1 NIV
The heavens declare the glory of God; the skies proclaim the work of his hands. Peace !
HEB13:15 
By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name
But from now on, the Son of Man will be seated at the right hand of the mighty God.” (Luke 22:69 NIV) Peace !
But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us. (Romans 5:8 NIV) Peace !
Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God.   Phil4:6
When these things begin to take place, stand up and lift up your heads, because your redemption is drawing near.” (Luke 21:28 NIV) Peace !
Stand firm, and you will win life. (Luke 21:19 NIV) Peace !
So I say, walk by the Spirit, and you will not gratify the desires of the flesh. (Galatians 5:16 NIV) Peace !
For I will give you words and wisdom that none of your adversaries will be able to resist or contradict. (Luke 21:15 NIV) Peace !
For the Son of Man came to seek and to save the lost.” (Luke 19:10 NIV) Peace !
I am the Living One; I was dead, and now look, I am alive for ever and ever! And I hold the keys of death and Hades. (Revelation 1:18 NIV)
Then Jesus told his disciples a parable to show them that they should always pray and not give up. (Luke 18:1 NIV) Pray !
He is not here; he has risen, just as he said. Come and see the place where he lay. (Matthew 28:6 NIV) He is Risen...
God made him who had no sin to be sin for us, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God. (2 Corinthians 5:21 NIV) Peace !
RT @LisaPetrarca: When trials threaten your faith...take every thought captive. Run to Jesus. Open up the truth of God's Holy Word &amp; find p…
But Christ has indeed been raised from the dead, the firstfruits of those who have fallen asleep. (1 Corinthians 15:20 NIV)
But we had to celebrate and be glad, because this brother of yours was dead and is alive again; he was lost and is found.’ ” (Luke 15:32 NIV
The next day John saw Jesus coming toward him and said, “Look, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sin of the world! (John 1:29 NIV)
And whoever does not carry their cross and follow me cannot be my disciple. (Luke 14:27 NIV)
For all those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted.” (Luke 14:11 NIV)
“Make every effort to enter through the narrow door, because many, I tell you, will try to enter and will not be able to. (Luke 13:24 )
The Lord is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit. (Psalm 34:18 NIV)
You also must be ready, because the Son of Man will come at an hour when you do not expect him.” (Luke 12:40 NIV) Peace !
But seek his kingdom, and these things will be given to you as well. (Luke 12:31 NIV)
May I never boast except in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, through which the world has been crucified to me, and I to the world.Gal6:14
He replied, “Blessed rather are those who hear the word of God and obey it.” (Luke 11:28 NIV)
