briandyeVT
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1940997405/W3x981fh_400x400
RT @timhawkinscomic: Say what you want about the men's pommel horse event, but they were rockin the footy pajama overalls.
RT @timhawkinscomic: My trainer said "pain is weakness leaving the body." So I guess this soreness is weakness that decided to move back in.
@timwitten please tell girls both cats are taken care of and doing well.
@timwitten Tell him I said hi too! Would love to pull some Cove time. Let's get a date on the calendar.
Enjoy the reunion!!
RT @bobsmileycomic: You know, I really thought I'd remember I put that ketchup packet in my back pocket but now it looks like my right c ...
Mom is out. Things went well. We r waiting for her to wake in icu then go back and see her.
...first part of surgery is over now the second part is starting. She's doing well.
Surgery just began.
Taking mom back now. Will be about 6-7 hr procedure.
RT @timhawkinscomic: Spencer's gifts store is very unique. "Hey, there's a bouncy ball - hey, there's a poster that would make a trucker ...
RT @timhawkinscomic: Why is there expectant mother parking outside a Target but no expectant father parking outside Bass Pro Shop?
Looking for a place to get a starter for my Sea Doo... any suggestions?
@tjwitten Steve Jobs
@tjwitten hows the new phone?
Tweeted about the venus transit...here is a pic. http://t.co/Rf1dHDI0
@tjwitten what time do you race on Sunday?
RT @timhawkinscomic: When somebody says something is 'fun as hell' are they talking eternal torment fun or lake of fire fun?
Rare transit of Venus with the Sun.  http://t.co/ms6AjwXz
Happy BDay...TJ!!
@tjwitten good or bad?
$weet
"@bobsmileycomic: I did 3 stomach crunches today while trying to get out of bed! #goodstart"
RT @timhawkinscomic: When giving, don't let your right hand know what the left is doing. That's tricky if you want to give someone a she ...
RT @timhawkinscomic: If I were an mma fighter I'd try to make my opponents tap out by sweetly singing Taylor Swift songs in their ear.
RT @JasonWitten: Sad to hear the devastating news on junior Seau. What a true pro and role model!  In my early football years I wore #55,
RT @timhawkinscomic: Walmart is society's lint trap.
RT @bobsmileycomic: I forgot my checkbook so during the offering at church today I put these in...that counts right?  http://t.co/McLsbtOW
How the race go today for Jeff?
Made it to the Forge!!
In Abingdon ... Headed to Pigeon Forge
He is risen...
Which boat is he sailing ?
Can they sail?
I have the girls next weekend.
Do u have regatta schedule?
RT @dallascowboys: Here's a full shot of the uniform on Witten at today's @usnikefootball event #DCNike http://t.co/evdR99o4
Home...had q great time with u guys!
Thank you for letting me use it!!!
Camera is wiped and at Tims.
Exit 141
Hannah is graving sgetti
No plans for us yet....
Ok...we r going by Tims and then to mall. Then we will cone there. Any time ok?
Tj can we come by this evening with camera?
I will clean it up at get it to u on sat.  ok?
RT @bobsmileycomic: Just saw a movie trailer called "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter"! Finally a movie about history so my kids can lear ...
Get wet at all?
How was the race?
RT @jbranyancomedy: The difference between a gas pump and a mugger?  The gas pump will give you a receipt.
Why not count on me?
RT @timhawkinscomic: We got a new debit card swiper at my church for tithing. Is it wrong to ask for cash back?
What r the temps
Drink 2 for me
Is one allowed to hang a hammock at VISA and sleep in it at night?
8 mile backup on 81
Headed out for a three day two night backcountry hike
Huh????
Did everyone make it home ok?
How r the roads?
Just tried to photo the moon...no success!
U will get some great picks
Tj u shooting the moon?
The smaller one u just got? does it shoot HD?
Did u use ur camera?
That is a cool video
Did u see the northern lights the other night?
R u headed to the parkway now?
http://t.co/J2VTJwnP
Is there a time frame for viewing?
RT @timhawkinscomic: Heidi Klum is splitting up with Seal?! Good luck finding another dude who can sing that well and balance a beachbal ...
How's the back Tim?
what is the diagnosis
When?
Glad she is ok!!!!
Crappy keyboard
Hang
K. U need anything? need us to come and hag with Cassie?
Any word ob Teresa?
Im here and ready...just let mebknow what u need.
Cassie not cashier
I cam do whatever u need. Want cashier to come hang with me and the girls
Need me to come there??
Great picture
What is up with that rendition pf the National Anthem. Holiest better play better than that performance!!!
Breakfast and dinner
Which hotel
What's good???
Count it joy http://t.co/OKLbUkV3
Had a great hike to Barney's Wall. http://t.co/bos8diZP
Snow is falling in the NRV.
R they still up?
Thinking about a drive to the noke to look at lights...
:-)
Found it...sitting in the drive thru!
Im.just getting off 77
Where's the Starbucks
Ru there?
Home
Hone game?
Tried to tweet through YouTube
Did my tweet on Hannahs video go through
Check this video out -- She's Trippin http://t.co/nMLixxmr via @youtube
Cap
R u working Tj
Whatever brings home the win
Either way...simply an awesome tennis player!
:-)
So more like the tom Brady of tennis
Did u win humbly?
Where did u play?
Tj...i want to get a couple of.prints if the girls from the thanksgiving shoot u did. Do i just need to purchase from ir zenfolio?
Seems like it
FWD: Radford rest area closed because of a suspicious male who went in and changed clothes there.  They are questioning witnesses who sa ...
Was it felt?
Sorta cool
Thanks Tim. I have a small one but if the.one u have.is in good shape i will take it of u are looking for a home for it.
Thanks for looking at it the other day!
Im home with the girls and we went to her house while Verizon guy was there.
No. Its all up and running.
Oops!
Line was cut at the pole. Looks like someone put in cable line to neighbor and cut line.
Stephs internet is now fixed.
Try the email i just sent ya
Copy the url from phone to browser on computer
Any luck?
Did James look at internet
Have tried on puter
On my phone
Great pix!!
Did u come to richlands Tim?
Yum !
Yes
I think...
Trey Gresh
#16
Congrats on the grant Tim!!!
Snowing
Darius Rucker To Perform National Anthem Thursday http://t.co/1T2mppAx via @hokiesports
Did u see where darious  rucker  will perform for game?
Place holder.
Trey Gresh #16
Send link and i will send it to her.
She may purchase from ur site if u have one on there.
Don't remember game.
I know u have at least one shot.
Oh...ok
No. Home with Sarah.
Son of a coworkers from last year.
I need to look through u shots for Gresh.  think he's kicker or holder
Hope u get some good shots of him in action.
Developed mad skills.
Yeah, he's really come into his own.
Any warmer on the field?
U shooting the game?
No. But its gonna be a great night for Hokie football!
Game night!!!
State next?
Become Traders http://t.co/5Iz7N5pT
No pressure just thought is ask.
Could I borrow a good one Tj?
Visiting administers from Brazil next week at ky school. Need a nice camera to take pix for wdbj, website, and and movie.
All invited. Will be there in 35
Logans valley view for lunch.
C 17
C5?
Track and field.  That's what I thought.
Nice shot of plane too.
The old style is better.
content http://t.co/UYD6oPNS
U shooting the game.
Thanks.
K.
Fox?
Is the vt game televised. Channel?
we need to seize and overcome what Christ has already… http://t.co/HiY0Ib3
@ruann23 looks like it. Still waiting for confirmation.
Sure looks like it. No wonder it looked so bad when I came out.
Still tired.
Getting ky things from my house and feeling better.
Staying with Steph and the girls tonight.
Very calm and the the wind and sheets of rain. No hail.
Very ominous.
Came out of Walmart and saw the cell.
Is brownies baked in a pot?
I won't be able to cause of the car wash. Not gonna be a lot of help so I need to be there.   Waaa!
K. What r u doing today?
U not. I.
Hope I guys aren't upset if I don't make it!
R u having a good time?
Just have to slow down to let it heal.  And do some pt
Said the brace would do just as good as boot or cast and that I needed a good one if I was gonna remain active.
Doc gave me the company to order from. Said it would be cheaper for me to order
ue to the location.
Doc said its broken. Has an old fracture from awhile back...military. no boot or cast said it would not do any better than a good brace, ...
How did it go last night?  Did u guys sail?
My ankle is hurting a little more than usual today so I plan on resting it a little more as well.
Not completely sure about the lake. Dad was gonna need to stay with me then he said he's not coming, now he's saying he may come on anyway.
Appointment Thursday. Guess we will find out then. Hoping for nothing. Wearing a brace from Walmart. Should be enuff.
Does explain all the pain when I walk.
Doctor called, ankle broken and lots if fluid too.
Then the waterfall.
I know on was a sunset or rise.
Is the 2.99 set by u?  Do u get that whole amount as profit?  That's Kool if so!
If so I will bring some beer.: )
U sleeping on boat too?
Nice looking site. had any orders yet?
Tried to order a print from ur site. Couldn't do that from the phone either.
If Thursday would be better o can work some Thursday morning and then some on Sat.
Who did the video?
Tried to watch on phone but wouldn't play.
Oh ok. I thought u were saying that Fri night wasn't good for me to come down.
TIM - did u get my message?  I called u back and left message.
U need me to bring anything?
Just not gust.
Will probably be gust Friday nite and Sat. Is that Kool?
http://bit.ly/o34iSi# (SPECIAL WEATHER STATEMENT in effect until Sunday, Jul 31, 4:00pm.
)
When r u gonna be there?
R tents allowed?
Want me to check in to it?  Do u have a "server"
R u wanting to set up a serve and sell ur pix?
What's the time lapse between the 7
Nah. It's the summit of all backdrop pix.
Love the pic of poor mtn
Sailing will b a no go. Steph and Sarah r not feeling well. Steph has temp.
Thanks bub
Will Jeff b there.
Shoot to be there by 4
Kool. Will text as I leave.
Can I meet u at ur house and ride over with u?
Sure but I won't be able to do much cause of my ankle.
Maybe...  Time?
Mri today. Results Monday. Would like to sail tomorrow but don't think would be good for ankle.
Sure
As have come to be expected.
Great pix.
Chipotle?
I thought we ate in Salem not bland.
Somewhere.
Maybe u me and Tj
Maybe lunch in bbrg
Maybe u and I can go sometime before school starts.
It was good. Wasn't sure of the turkey burger.
Plus had lunch at MAC and bob
No u don't owe me any thing. That's what family does.
That's what she said.;)
Enjoyed being with ur kids today. They really r good!
I'm @ rear's end.
Is the krispy kreme still open in Salem?
Can u let Martha know I'm on the way but stuck in traffic at exit 114
I may come back for that.
May need to eat faster.
Happy 4th!
Last I heard was no lake.
I'm gonna bike on the huckleb
As of now, she is coming to pool and then going back.
What time r u heading out to watch fireworks?
How was dinner?
U there Tj?
Yes. But no biggie.
Hey Tj. When r the fireworks?
Ok. We just brought Steph breakfast. Glad mj is swinging.
She still down and out?
U still at the lake Tj?
3 beers before or after the fall.
U ok?
I want to camp sometime soon.
4th raft up happening Tj?
Good. It came from bubby.
Said he had already heard of me. Hmmm....
Met a guy named Cameron today. Worked at belle heth.
http://twitgoo.com/2dl08o
Hiking with Hannah.
http://twitgoo.com/2dkz9x
She can.
Can u see me now Steph.
@ruann23 how's the carni?
U sailing today TJ?
I don't want u to see my posts.
True dat.
Liz mentioned her acne Jeff renting the apartment from Derek's friend's parents. Right off campus. It's in Kent Square.
How's mj?
Still working in the garage.
Good point!
Would like to go see transformers 3 on the 1st. Anyone want to go if we can get tickets?
Can she take pain Meds?
That was fast.
Is anyone with. U
Do u need anything?  Can I help with anything at ur house this afternoon or evening?
Praying for her and u.
Umm. no why.
Training from her dad kicked in.
I think Liz took care of that.
Car still running. Dent hood grill broken. Will need to get fixed.
Is ur dad following u on Twitter?
Still want to talk about camera later.
Myrtle.
But which rest area ones don't...
NC rest area bathrooms stink.
Beach bound. With lots of estrogen.
K.
I want to save up and get a good one for me. Just not sure what to get.
Steph has the one I bought her.
I need to purchase one.
Need a good digi camera.
Did u make it back to sleep?
Kool
AWESOME
True. Hard for me to believe.
Is Marshall excited
K. When's ur last day?
No. One more. Mj out?
Yup. Already headed to bbrg.
I meant from Dublin.
What time is graduation.
Going via 460? Or just jump on 81
Just u and cassie?
Think traffic will delay departure ?
What time r u picking Steph and girls up.
Left message.
Tried to call but no answer.
Turning on to wirtz
Turned around. Now on 460
Cbrg mountain
Traffic stopped.
Steph is riding with me. So when she's ready we will be on.
What time r u going over?
U need me to bring anything?
Tj. Party at 3?
Tj...do I need to bring anything on Monday.
Did u make it to the game?
Thanks.
No. The parents bought tix for us.
But didn't finish.
I know. I Mulch for Steph.
Hope it won't be awkward.
I'm going to lake too.
Awesome. Txt me if u go to game.
R u feeling better?
R u going to lake on Monday?
Meeting a student and her family.
Yup. Me and the girls.
Salem Sox bound.
Happy bday Tj. I will see u Monday as long as things don't change.
Good. U need anything?
R u ok Tim?
Me too.
Headed to richlands
Great question
Rio.
It's ok. I'm at the movies with 3 girls.
Wish I were
What a trip!
Make it back?
Did u take it?
When does that put u home?
That almost home was for u Tj. But not now huh?
Almost home!
Dublin.
Major hail. Sirens everywhere. Very scary!
If I'm available can I crew?
When's the next race?
Yahoo!
That was supposed to say bubby.
Nite bubbly!
Me too.
Hanging with Liz at the house.
I know!
Hope to make the next one.
Wish I could. I will be moving my things this weekend and Steph will be out of town Fri and Sat.
Eating beef from t witten's
Could u bring it on Saturday
That'd be Hannah's.
Worth it!
Home. Thanks for dinner Tim.
Tanx
Traffic 81 south bound.
Crap!  That's the weekend I'm moving. Do u have dates for other regattas?
I know Tj!  And will definitely take u up on that too and camping!!!!!
I know I am always welcome Tim. Thank u!
Let me know if u need help Tj.
Tj?
Need help tn?
Thank u.
Not yet.
Can I call in about an hour
Luv ya bro
Plan to stop by urs just to say hi for a few min. Just don't tell her just in case we don't make it.
Mine.
On the way to richlands with girls to see mom.
Waving back
Will do.
Wanna meet somewhere else?
One off of Franklin   is there another
It's for my bday but yes if u want to come I will buy. Just don't tell Steph.
Probably be about 5ish
Kabuki is back on. Girls are up and headed to roanoke with me. Let me know if u want to join us for dinner.
Was gonna do kabuki but girls are asleep and won't be coming with me.
Dinner in roanoke is gonna be a no go tonight.
Nice pix
Happy Birthday Bubby
And smoking a cigar
Could've been tim
Gotta make a difference
Did it make a difference with draining
Great job.
Did u work in the sink yet
:)
Not as exciting as I thought
Oh
Details please
Can I call about the photos?  What u mean?
Is that under ur kitchen sink
Nice pipe Tim
Two of them
Nope
Want me to bring it to u?
Hey Tj. I have it apart
Awesome pic
thanks for bringing my water bottle
At sheetz
Ham?
Yuck
Lots of pics?
I will have to check Flickr
Glad. U needed it.
Kids stay home
Did u take the flight that's just outside of Orlando
I bet. When do u go back to work
Did u have a good time
Awesome. 4 how long?
Where going
No
Now snow at GLE
Waving back
U like it
I over did it with my run this morning. feeling very shaky and nauseous
Got it.  NICE
no I will look again
good article
Going to bed
13 to 9  Stanford
How's the movie?
If only u could do that.
I may just walk to the abc store
That won't b until tomorrow.
Wish I could see true grit with you guys
That and coke would fix me right up.
They don't have bourbon at Walmart do they?
Tj. Cassie wants to stay till morning.
Still in bed. Feel like crap. Tj what did u take to feel better.
Tj. Becky is running late. I mean steph is running late.
K. I will let her know.
Tj. Steph wants to know if u can meet her at 1200
Do u e we have pants o
K. Will you bring her here or does she want to spend the nite tonite.
Tj. I prob won't be going to the game but nick Liz and derk will go. Thats an xtr ticket. U or cassie or Teresa want it?
Tj. Are you feeling better?
Luck not lick.
Good lick today TIM.
Still sleeping Tj?
Just spent too much money on furniture. Got a sick feeling.
TIM did you get it in.
Do you need anything Tj
It will b Wednesday.
Tj. How r u
Steph is asking Nick if he wants to go.
Tj  do u want to go to the game on Thursday? It's at 2.
So is sheet. R u feeling better.
Is that similar to the exposure in Princeton
Njoy
I got cologne and body wash. I will b smelling good.
If it smells like skunk it must be skunk
Downloading now.
Who got you that?
She rolled her eyes.
Bland. Gas station. Potty break.
TIM I left my med on the dresser in steph room. Can u move it so mirideth can't get to it.
Rocky Gap
Eta?
K 1 or 2
I will have it ready
K
Tj u and Teresa want a vanilla late to go?
That should b steph
Ask Stephens to check her phone. I'm not riding with Tj.
Tj I'm gonna have to pass on the ride home. Sun still workkin on the house.
TIM u in Richards yet?
:)
Who b no shows
Yes. Still getting used to it. Nice though
New phone  HTC desire.
K I just wanted to make se u were waiting around town for me
Tj u working today?
That should work. I have a lot to do so I'm hoping to be done by then. If not, I will just drive myself and leave later.
Me. When?
Me too
On the BT. No internet access.
U can bring meredith to my school and bring me lunch too. Just an idea
Doesn't look like it will b freezn rain tomorrow
Parked. Waiting. No hurry!
VT welcome center. Southgate
Can I catch a ride tj?
When r u going to rlands for christmas
Yes 2 tix maybe 3
Yes @ VT
2 xtra tickets to VT vs. RU women game @ 700. Anybody wanna go with me and the grls?
Hope u have my name
Yeah. Mon tues and wed
Doesn't go anyway.
Its true ab it being for the faculty. It was up for a vote. But it could change since there's no school. It was planned for rt after sch ...
Very!
I'm on the couch getting ready to head out.
Takin pix?
Mee too
Yes. Let it.
Oh Tim. U and I could go!
Can't get anyone interested to go. I could ask at school but not sure how I would get them b4 then. Jeff not want to go?  :)
Give or sell?
Had or have
Channel?
Nice article. Nice pic!
What's the score of vt game?
Still jammin?
True dat!
Trying to get to the road from the outlet parking lot. Listening to a staticy AM station. :(
Not rally driving. Just sitting still. Have been for ab 20 min
U referring to me or ur parents
Help me!!
Tj took some great pix for us so I have to cheer for em. :)
@JasonWitten how was the dinner?
@JasonWitten
Let's go Cave Spring
Kindle will b ab 150. So thatd b ab 35 per fam.
Umm. Thanks. Its already interesting. :)
Steph and becky r going ab 10 to put our name on the list. R the Willams coming to u today?
The Old Mill or something like that
True dat! Would have to do some photo editing.
Steph wants to know if pictures are still on for today.
Salsa located
Walmart. Need anything?
Quite the stocking stuffer!
I vote clothed
Who's gonna win?
:) Is the game in Rlands?
No
Tazewell
37
Did u sail today?
Tj. U interested n the truck at all? No pressure. Just wondering. We may just want to hang on to it.
Myranda gonna b there
Koolio
Did u get one?
What's happenin?
McHumm...
I couldn't make it b4 230 or 3 on Sun. Hope I can b4 it gets too cold!
I doubt I will b able to this sun. What time.?
Me too. Abingdon instead
U going to the game?
Is that the home game?  Isit on now?
Which game?
Thatd b the part that I dropped as I was puttin the motor back on.
How much?
I shouldve grabbed it!  My bad.
Pelican?
Howd u lose tropgy
Thanks TJ. Enjoyed it!  Thanks 4 dinner too.
Bathroom! :)
VISA
K. C ya there.
WeatLake
Kool I will see ya there. Doesn't matter where I park rt.
Trninon to 122
Almost to Wirtz. I think.
Franklin rd xit
Orange ave xit
I will stop at lake. Is there a # to put in for kroger card?  Seems like u told me b4.
May get off 141 and hit kroger at 460 and get some starbucks. Want anything.
Speakin of chilli. I need to get gas. Where's best/cheap place to get
Frost in Dublin.
Good luck!! Exit 118
K. R u at lake yet
On the way. Jeff make it back?
Ok so I will b there ab 930. Is the early enuff?
And thirsty
I will b there at 10. What time does race start?
Drinks tomorrow nite? Just askin.
What's the forecast for sailing?
I'm worried. Haven't heard fr him. :)
Bed bugs?
Is it a super 8 or an ok 6
What time will we b finished on Sun?  I hope to have time to spend w the grls b4 the week starts. I'm missin them.
How ab an 06 Tundra good deal with Sienna trade in?
How much is the membership?
Did u sail by yourself
U were breathing.
Tj u spendin fri at lake
Thatd b fine. R u stayin Fri nite too?
I'm good. When do I need to b there on Sat?
Tanx!
