clairecnc
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/336712714/m_36b232d353e37a7e94845ba6dac20869_1__400x400.jpg
I get 'Take Me Out to the Ballgame" stuck in my head more than any adult ever should... WTF?
RT @pattonoswalt: "That concludes our debate! Please welcome the Koch Brothers who will choose an ideological broodmare from our whore-stab…
RT @LOLGOP: So in about 5 minutes, 4 GOP candidates have explained 12 ways they'd start World War III.
I've managed to avoid listening to Ted Cruz talk for all these yrs until tonight &amp; now I feel relieved. His voice will never win an election
Okay, who picked the slot during the #GOPDebate to advertise the NWA biopic? I'm sure the old white dudes are ALL over it.
Okay, this shit is not funny anymore. Throwing up in the back of my mouth. #GOPDebate
I'm actually somewhat impressed with the lack of softballs that Fox is throwing to these turds #GOPDebate
At this point Trump might as well just whip it out and start slapping people with it #GOPDebate
Has anyone told Kasich he accidentally signed up with the wrong party? #GOPDebate
Mick Mars is playing while the other bandmates get their Vitamin B12 shots.
It's like she's talking to me! RT @IamEnidColeslaw: Oh the Stuff You'll Hold Onto for 10 Years then Throw Away on a Whim
Pulled over for not using turn signal w/ lane change, didn't have current proof of ins, and only got a "fix it ticket" #crimingwhilewhite
Apparently it requires a Y chromosome to sit on a couch 4 ft from a pile of dog puke &amp; just play on your phone rather than clean it.
Apparently my thought of having prescription sent to Fred Meyer cuz I'd be there shopping anyway after work was shared by half of Anchorage
The #vizsla in its natural habitat: http://t.co/3mXSSEblI8
@redrummy Thanks for putting that out there - was gonna be one of those people who asked if it was you on NL but now I don't have to :-)
@GrowNorth Damn that Target effect! Went in there for the first time in like half a decade, spent 50% more $ &amp; 100% more time than planned.
My thanks to everyone who left work early to "beat the traffic" on these icy roads; I practically had them to myself during normal rush hr!
That wonderful moment when you pull up to the coffee stand drive-thru and your window is frozen shut. #alaska #winter
@Shopping_Bag Easy there, tiger! I heard you can OD on those things! ;-)
Tropical vacation immediately after moving to a new house = un-pedi'd, un-waxed/plucked, white-as-a-whale Claire. Will be a frightful sight.
There's nothing quite like moving to cast one's food-hoarding tendencies in a whole new [&amp; more revealing] light
@redrummy Don't you love how she picked THAT moment to share her batshit with everyone? That article cracked me up!
@allcatspee All friends start out as people you know! You'll find your tribe there eventually, I'm sure :-)
So it's pouring monsoon-style w/ lightning and thunder outside and we're trapped in a sports bar (watching the OSU game with some fans)
So it's 91 degrees and 600% humidity in Austin. Silversun Pickups are playing and they are way more fun love than recorded.
If Mike and I die in our sleep please make sure our tombstones read: "That old freezer-burned Italian sausage wasn't worth it." Thanks!
Finally saw something worse than those white family stick figure rear window decals: those, but wearing Mickey Mouse ears. Gag.
God I hate the USPS. When is FedEx gonna be cheap enough to be a viable alternative to ship stuff?!!
Nevermind, call intervention off. The fried food counter has already shut down &amp; nastier people than myself have already nabbed the day-old.
Quick, people! Intervention! Someone please stop me from getting $5-Fridays chicken strips from Carrs for dinner!
Fall always makes me wish I had a better camera than an iPhone. Fall is so brilliant here! #vizsla http://t.co/vn4SRYAAUn
@Shopping_Bag About 20% through a DIY lion shave in poor Miss Ivy here! http://t.co/n4aHwXXYcA
The downside of selling to Plato's Closet is being subject to emo for minutes on end (ANY minute is a minute too long when it comes to emo)
There's nothing quite like eating a boiled egg of indeterminate age from your fridge&amp;having the white literally dissolve in your mouth.Gag.
@redrummy Bonus effect: the Vitamin C reduces the hangover effect! ("Chaser" is basically nothing more than Vitamins C&amp;B) Cheers!
@allcatspee @OMGFacts I too suffer from that affliction!... But I didn't know it had a name - I just thought it was "laziness" :-)
Apparently there is such a thing as a frozen-pizza-hangover.
@Shopping_Bag Is your kitchen remodel done? Pics, or it didn't happen! ;-)
I wish I didn't feel COMPLETELY okay after eating 4 huge Carrs chicken strips with spicy ranch.
In line behind an extreme couponer at Carrs. Awesome.
Forcing myself to at least make a dinner smoothie before attacking the open half bottle of Pinot Noir. Damn this rain.
What is this shit?!! This east side rain looks like southeast AK rain, not Anchorage rain...
Sad how just 3 hours of intense productivity around the house after waking makes me feel entitled to a nap.
@allcatspee How about next time skipping Haines and coming straight to Anchorage? We will drink wine with you and be nice &amp; drama-free! ;-)
Still can't get over my horror that The Alaska Club East decided to paint their exterior breastfed-baby-poop-yellow &amp; orange. WTH.
Yes please! @GrowNorth RT @mollymcnearney: I just want pregnancy boobs without the pregnancy.
If you see me buy hummus at Costco ever again plz kick me in the shins and remind me how mind-blowing homemade hummus is. I keep forgetting!
Tandem lounging #vizsla http://t.co/i3GG6sXaAs
Whole back office now smells like BV at 10:30 am because coworker couldn't even wait for lunch to heat up her Thai fish curry...
Cracka, Please! RT @assholeofday: Rush Limbaugh thinks he can say the N-word. We say no. http://t.co/1W4P632coc http://t.co/GeXCIytPSf
Every time I'm up at 6 on a Sat or Sun I ask myself "Why do I sign up for races?!" But then I remember I'd probably be obese w/o motivation
It's so agonizing to leave good parties early - until you remember that your presence is in most likelihood neither important nor memborable
Gaaaa! Bloody hell this hurts!! But I'll feel so much better for it tomorrow http://t.co/hSSNimFxk4
Put my sweatshirt back on so I could let my gut hang fully out unselfconsciously after eating a salad, wagyu burger, fries, &amp; pint of beer.
Is it weird to be reading Tess of the D'Urbervilles in a bar while nursing a beer? I am at least not in my hometown...
LOL- this is still how I feel @GrowNorth @allcatspee RT @Molly_Kats: A baby just smiled at me and now I want... Nope, it's crying now. Nope.
In related news, didn't realize until today that I'd booked a milk run flight to Juneau, so get to spend this beautiful sunny day in a plane
It appears that Ryan Hall is on my flight to Juneau. Am mildly surprised at how many sedentary-looking Alaskan men know who he is.
My pups have only been gone (to Fbx w/ Mike) for 5 hrs &amp; I already miss them like crazy! The cat, however, is doing a happy/squally dance.
Upon further reflection, pretty sure I'm not going to get around to changing my last name, actually.
It's amazing how out of sorts and sad last night's loss of my iPhone has made me. Kinda having a hard time motivating today for anything.
Just what I needed tonight: salmon explosion! http://t.co/3FmYQUxEQq
I just don't get all this fuss about Arrested Development. I haven't watched a less funny show than,say, old reruns of Married with Children
I just &lt;3 my job! I learned that babies can have not just a shoulder dystocia but a "fat dystocia" when they weigh 10lbs7oz &amp; get stuck
All I can do is pace the house and stress eat until our meeting over whether to hold bike drop &amp; the bike portion of GNT. G*#%*mn snow!
@GrowNorth You are smoking the C-rock Missy! They do NOT carry Sokol Blosser Evolution at Costco! Dimond or Debarr. I've been to both.
It STILL weirds me out when I hear an 80's song on 97.3. They're not oldies!... Right?!
Tonight's chest cold Roofie: 600 mg IBU, 10 mg Benadryl, 20mg Zyrtec, Melatonin, Valarian, Mucinex, &amp; 1 Sam Adams Light. Hope I don't die!
Update from Chamonix: Unpasteurized French cheese is every bit as mind-blowing as I remember it. The croissants too, of course.
Project: 'Don't fill your suitcase so you can shop in Paris' was not exactly an abysmal failure, but not a success either.
Full-on Goth &amp; Synth-pop (ie not Evanescence or Marilyn Manson) from the BF at the time was the soundtrack to my year abroad in Paris
Have busted out the old Walkman, as it is the only tape player I own, to listen to old ex-bf's mix tapes from 1999 in preparation for Paris
The sad realization that I am going to miss the hell out of my puppies while on my 2.5 week honeymoon...
@cee_ryan I loved your rant! Keep fightin' the good fight against that kind of bullshit from dudes who think those thoughts warrant comments
@allcatspee @GrowNorth Really? When are you coming? Do you have tickets already?!!
@allcatspee @GrowNorth We had a fun baby shower for Jen and Ebony, missed you guys! Office stuff is not quite the same without you!
Yes! Saved from any impulse MAC counter purchases at Nordy's by the bitchy aloofness of the little Tammy Faye's working there :-)
Bacon. It's what happens when I got to Fred Meyer on an empty stomach. The guilt is already kicking in but it's not coming out of the cart.
Was really excited for Daylight Savings Time til I realized I have to wait that much longer for dark to take my ill-behaved dogs out skiing
There's something weirdly crotchety about trucks with camper shells on them.
Looking forward to the day when I am fit enough that my post-ski nap is not twice as long as my actual skate ski outing :-(
I just hit a new low in the realm of eating things that fell on the floor.
I love ShuShee Tofu from Thai Kitchen like none other, but a whole meal of it [eaten rapidly] at 8:45 pm has not done me any favors.
@redrummy I used to hate Foreigner when I was younger &amp; my mom would crank Hot Blooded in the car but now have come full circle on them &lt;3
I am SO going to see Foreigner at this year's fair. Who's with me?!
Edesssaea
Adsqwawalzyo
The pace at which I am tearing through this Costco tub of Kimchee is kind of alarming... Even to me.
Love this! RT @LOLGOP: REMINDER: Republicans want to privatize the public and publicize your privates.
I consider the fact that I've never eaten at a Cheesecake Factory to be one of my achievements in life.
Just a courteous warning to all friends, acquaintances &amp; colleagues: I just bought Kimchee at Costco, so a 10ft radius from me might be good
@akcook Yeah, she was a stray I got from a friend in '08 but she hates the dogs we got in '11 &amp; is afraid of them + acting out a little.
@akcook Ivy has a box too, she just has been finding the tub more convenient these days, apparently :-(
@akcook I'm sure he is, and I bet he doesn't shit in your bathtub drain either, right? Ivy would win back some points by ceasing to do that.
@akcook I'm sure he is, and I bet he doesn't shit in your bathtub drain either, right?
Tried as I might over these last 4 years, I am just REALLY not a cat person. I just don't have that same forgiveness as I do for the dogs.
Project: Get-to-Bed-Before-11-So-7AM-Doesn't-Seem-So-Frightful is not going so well for me these days... Or any days in recent memory. Boo.
What was I gonna do again this evening? I can't even remember after walking in to a pile of cat puke &amp; then brushing poop-eating dog's teeth
Guess I support you people hugging and tagging and so forth but mostly I support you sleeping well 'cause its 2am &amp; Im a big sleep supporter
@robdelaney My dad called that a "toe job" &amp; I'm guessing my mom didn't provide so he had to settle 4 getting them from the dog. Still good!
K, so I finished a dinner with no meat or dairy in it about 2.5 hrs ago and I'm pretty much STARVING right now. Awesome. This bodes well...
Ate my first all vegan dinner tonight. Will be interesting to see how many hours pass before I am completely ravenous again...
Me at noon: "Mmm Mmm, lentil soup, great idea ." Me at 8pm: "Argh!... What the f$&amp;k was I thinking?!!"
@redrummy Congrats! I knew you would do awesome, with all that 'training' (real winter bike commuting) that you do! :-) #Frosty25
@redrummy oh, I couldn't care less, we have a ton! I served Redbull &amp; vodka shots out of them at my last party ;-)
@redrummy Redbull and vodka looks even better in a Quest cup! ;-)
Happy New Year from Rudolph, Anchorage's #1 A-hole  http://t.co/Cd1APrJK
As if stinking this bedroom up like Fart City wasn't enough, the puppies are also heavy mouth-breathing fit to wake the dead :-(
I admire the confidence of a person who puts a "ZUM ZUM" vanity plate on their orange PT Cruiser.
I really wish Berlin and/or their record label had not given Jessica Simpson permission to butcher their song :-(
@allcatspee @GrowNorth Thanks for the good wishes :-) I did not have a free second or decent signal to check Twitter until now!
Eating sushi with a bunch of soy sauce before 8+ hours of flying overnight = very bad idea.
Waking up with a Ke$ha song inexplicably stuck in your head pretty much guarantees you're going to have a crap day.
@allcatspee Me too! Would be super fun to have you there. Oh well.
@allcatspee You did just move from an idiosyncratic red state to a full-on, hardcore, traditional red state :-(
AK Club on a normal Friday night: completely dead. AK Club on Friday after Thanksgiving: completely packed with repentant gluttons.
There's nothing like the adrenalin rush of chasing your dog away from where the cat's been crapping in the guest bathtub. AFTER he's eaten.
@GrowNorth I'm sure if you just refrain from making out with Finn you'll be fine... Ya big germaphobe! ;-)
Take that, Akin! RT @Andy_Richter: Such a stunning across-the-board repudiation of shitbirds.
@GrowNorth Yes, that is the bright side of her fecal transgressions. Nasty-ass cat.
Nigeria perhaps? RT @myster: Conservative pals threatening to move to CAN/AUS: Maybe pick a country w/o socialized medicine.
@GrowNorth Cleaning up after Miss Ivy's no joke. Mike woke me up this morning by announcing she's been shitting in the guest bathroom tub.
@allcatspee @GrowNorth Yep, you ladies sure are up late! Get some sleep! On the minus side, this weird Spanish champagne I opened is gross
@allcatspee @GrowNorth Agreed! Although nights that I am a)home &amp; b)not cleaning up after puppies, cat &amp; adult male are few &amp; far between...
@allcatspee @GrowNorth That they do, and I don't even feel like I'm drinking alone - I'm drinking with you two via Twitter! ;-) And the dogs
@allcatspee @GrowNorth  JINX!!
@allcatspee I totally predicted you would say that! Hell, it's only once every 4 yrs. I guess I can skip a late workout &amp; drink alone!
Doing a happy dance tonight! Wanna break out some champagne but don't wanna drink alone - gotta wait for Mike to come home. Dogs don't count
RT @NeilDiamond: Working the phones for Obama...  If I call you, don't hang up. It's really me and I need you. #OFACulver http://t.co/e7 ...
Always thought he was a tool! RT @ChrisRRegan: MEATLOAF ENDORSES ROMNEY! Romney locks up the crucial, "Sweaty Tuxedo Shirt Republican" vote!
I wonder if people are cutting these GOP politicians so much slack because we all know they're still they're still mentally living in 1950.
RT @Nickadoo: It's discomforting that Daniel Tosh got more backlash for making light of rape than our politicians do.
Boo. Just finished completely endorphin-less run in BC park with dogs. All kinds of aches &amp; pains from stomach to knees &amp; ankles :-(
Today's Blonde Moment: Walked out of store, up to small dark VW hatchback right next to my car, wondered why driver door wouldn't open w key
RT @KaladiBrothers: $4 donated for each $20gc purchased.  over $1600 raised to date for #CancerCareAlliance #CatalystForCommunity http:/ ...
Not to tempt fate, but I don't think any MORE things could possibly go wrong this morning. I should just go home &amp; go back to bed.
Between the 2 of us Mike and I have slept like 7 hours in the middle of this day in recovery from hosting last night's 'Hallowedding' party.
Mike and Claire's "Hallowedding" party as Halloween party: probably a success. As Engagement party? Mmm. Not so much.
Whatever logic I employed when I made today's 7:30am dentist appointment many months ago completely escapes me now.
@Shopping_Bag Alas, no one magically brought me bacon BUT there were some hipsters handing out beer at mile 22 or so &amp; that was most welcome
I'm taking my first ever ice bath post-marathon (v. serious about returning to running quick!) &amp; I swear it is more painful than the race!
Mile 9 of Portland Marathon with my mom: I am SO hungry! Anyone in Portland wanna come deliver me some bacon? Or chips?
It's so perverse how the earlier I have to get up to catch a flight (case in point tomorrow: 4:45am) the later I stay up packing :-(
Mine doesn't say shit like that 'til 2 wks! RT @fleshcake: Chili in my fridge from last week wants me to help it find "The Keymaster."
@redrummy Any ideas on what 2 do when u get error updating 3GS phone 2 ios6, then phone says connect to itunes but itunes doesn't recognize?
Saved by the snow!! (This weekend was going to be "backyard clean-up weekend" according to Mike. Two 'prolific shitter' dogs. 'Nuff said.)
I wish @AmericanAir would do something to compensate us 4 the 6 hrs we now get to spend in Miami airport thanks to their 'mechanical issues'
Nothin' like being at the fair for 5 hrs and eating a corndog, korn fritters, tacos &amp; ice cream to make a girl nearly comatose
I could feel the hate-death-ray stares of my fellow post office customers as the 1 clerk wrapped my registered mail box in tamper-proof tape
Thoroughly regretting copying Mike and having that second burger. He regretted the 2nd one too, for what that's worth...
The only thing more annoying than super-clingy, young Vizsla dogs is super-clingy, semi-sedated, [50+ lb] Vizsla dogs in head-cones.
@Shopping_Bag Mike's latest Craigslist find: Let us know if you need any parts washed :-)  http://t.co/2sbnV6LN
Why is it that like every third dog up here is named "Kona"?! I swear, it's like the "Aiden" for dogs...
Apparently if you deep-fry an Oreo it becomes chewy. Thanks, Dish!  http://t.co/YcON7UXt
I never thought the day would come where I'd preview a new Fiona Apple album (thinking it a foregone conclusion I would buy) and go "meh."
@redrummy Did you get my text? Last time I bugged you on Twitter was a bit hasty, but this time I allowed like 48 hours after texting ;-)
Poor Rudolph, I think he might be a little car sick. He has ropes of drool hanging from both sides of his mouth that are like 8" long.
Another Wasilla Bingo box marked: dude hauling a jacuzzi tub on a 4-wheeler.
Finally! Was worried my trip thru Wasilla would not include sightings of young boys on 4-wheelers tearin' up the sides of the Parks Hwy...
Off to Fbx for the weekend! The dogs are celebrating by ripping eggfarts in the truck.
@redrummy Do you still not have a phone? Have a quick question for work relating to our network not being available to a laptop in 101...
... On the bathmat, always. God forbid we go a whole week without cleaning animal pee, poo, or puke out of carpets. WAY too much to ask!
I think the cat can sense when the dogs haven't deposited any bodily fluids on the floor in a while so she fills in the gaps :-(
@GrowNorth Ah, sorry, was hiking. Margarita delivery service will have to wait for another day, I'm afraid. ;-)
It's so funny seeing all these GI's and their heels &amp; dresses-clad girlfriends at Tikahtnu. I'm thinkin' "Movies? Yay, I can wear whatever!"
And by "pile" I don't mean one. I mean like 7 :-( Nevermind exercise today, hello Bissell carpet cleaner! And scented candles!
The price of my delightful,much-needed afternoon nap after work (w/ earplugs) while dogs played inside was a diarrhea pile in the livingroom
@redrummy Fair enough, sorry. Was being harassed by stressed-out partner with questions about office WiFi that I can't answer.
@redrummy Dude! Are you alive? We need your help today... Pretty please?
I just learned that if you hold two glass bowls together tight enough 1 can ship a shard off the other that will fly up your nose &amp; cut it.
Yay! Just received word that my man is coming home with 20 reds from Chitina! Better start getting more salmon recipes off Epicurious :-)
@sarajohnstonak It just sings a cute little song that sounds like a digital xylophone. It literally brightens my mood with its cuteness.
Thank goodness my new LG washer also gets my clothes clean; I wouldn't want to love it solely for its adorable end-of-cycle serenade.
@redrummy Oh yeah, on that note,I do like your idea bout bringing the network cable tomorrow to solve our connectivity issues. Bottoms up!
No, just feathers in the hair. Or named Ke$ha. RT @kellyoxford: 100% of women with feather earrings are cool with one night stands.
Fifty Shades of Grey is just as predicted: horrifically bad, cliche-filled writing, but quite the page-turner nonetheless...
Way excited about spending holiday weekend cleaning house, garage, shampooing carpets, etc. I mean this non-ironically. #puppymom #homeowner
@Shopping_Bag It was actually really fun and didn't rain much. It's a super fun trail so we should run it soon! Good practice for Lost Lake!
Turns out I was the only adult to do the short course at Knoya Ridge race tonight. Asked Marianne if she could forget to include my results.
Contemplating doing Kal's Knoya Ridge mountain race in the rain not because I think it'll be fun but because suffering can be cathartic.
@Shopping_Bag Thanks, but I'm not racing tomorrow - just volunteering at it for like 14 hours ;-) So I fat-loaded on pizza at SRH instead!
Wow! I finally singlehandedly ate my own pizza at @spenardrh for the 1st time! Helps to not indulge in tots or pretzel beforehand...
Rudolph has developed a taste for SmartWool. :-(  #assholepuppies
Uh oh! What does two puppies do?! RT @SarahThyre: Want a divorce? Get a puppy!
I love how @AlaskaComm makes me queue up in their store like everyone else when I'm here to get a new modem afte they gave me the wrong one.
Here I was thinkin' I'm all crafty getting to the ACS store right at 9 but there is already a line of like 10 people outside the doors :-(
@myrnakjensen Re: Match, that changes like Alaska weather, so keep checking back! ;-)
@Ray__Finkle just nibbled on the pups' brown Nylabone to see if it really is chocolate flavored like the package says.
The stalk of the artichoke is a very under-appreciated tidbit - especially with homemade mayo #nomnom
Like most any Alaskan, I already loathe spring break-up... But may I just say that it is THAT much grosser with dogs?!
It's hard, if not impossible, to watch Mad Men without a cocktail in your hand.
Just my luck to miss my favorite De La song, Buddy, while in the bathroom on the Grill side. Awesome.
Yep, that was me on Patterson trying to help my dog pinch one (made up almost entirely of dogtoy stuffing) off w/ a stick so he'd run again
Go-live day with electronic medical records = 11.5 hr work day. White Russian(s) for dinner at 9 sounds about right.
@redrummy K, will email you with what's going on. Seems to be the server that won't come to life :-(
@redrummy What happened to our network? Eeek! Got any time today to help us out?
@Shopping_Bag I was drowning the pain in beer but was then scolded by the merch salesman to use my "indoor voice" during a derisive comment
Eww. I just got tricked into sitting through a poetry slam in the guise of a multi-artist acoustic music concert.
Hey, @lauritadianita and @Shopping_Bag De La Soul tix on sale now for BT show 5/3 and they will go FAST, I'm sure! Scoop 'em up ASAP!
@allcatspee Your soup is heavenly; I don't know why you were speaking disparagingly of it earlier unless that's some sort of Wisconsin thing
This snow is making both me and the puppies lethargic. I've accomplished approximately 10% of what I imagined I would around the house.
Every time I hear a song from Train I think I couldn't possibly hate them anymore... Until I hear the next one.
My insatiable [hormonal] urge to eat ice cream right now is counteracted only by my lazy unwillingness to drive to the store and get some
Made the mistake of stretching on the ground post-run. I was mauled by two over-enthusiastic Vizslas. Seriously, it was traumatic :-(
This made me think of you @allcatspee  RT @michaelianblack: Please don't text and drive unless you're as good at it as me.
Yep, I've died and gone to heaven... Oh wait, no. If it were heaven the clothes would be free... http://t.co/GLonXnlC
Twitter poll: I found a 20-spot on the floor last night: Do I owe it to luck &amp; potential early retirement to gamble it? Slots or games?
It is 48 degrees but sunny in Vegas and this Alaskan is sunbathing!
Just my luck to pick THE slowest check-in line at the MGM Grand @mgmvideowall
The collective BO wafting through Natural Pantry is stifling.
Lihue-bound this morning after brutal 5:30 am wake up call. Just now able to keep eyes open...
I understand the anger with Chris Christie but not the surprise... Who WOULDN'T expect him to do the asshole reactionary thing?
I knew there would eventually come a day when my cat dropped a deuce in/on my bed. That day has come. #nastyasscat
1 sign your puppies' crate might be getting too small: when one has diarrhea in the night he has nowhere to go but on the other one's face.
@lauritadianita Have you considered spending a lil dough 2 rent the private room at RumRunners or similar type thing? Then u get what u want
It smells like the West Club staff went through and cleaned the machines with a cleaner in the scent of "dirty damp dishrag." :-(
Oh look, Golden Corral is also having a Valentine's Day special! I wonder if there will be any fistfights over chocolate fountain etiquette
@Shopping_Bag You're just jealous 'cause your cat can't make you a valentine! ;-)
Apparently our dogs are going to help make us valentines at daycare soon... Not sure whether to be all "Aww" or "Ugh".
Wow, the AK Club East is pretty dead and all those who are here are women... You'd think there was something major going on today... ;-)
The Debarr Costco parking lot is pretty much entirely full. I have the feeling I am making a very big time-management mistake right now.
Big Bang Theory has made a junkie out of me. Just watched 5 episodes back-to-back. Yep. That's what I did w/ my Friday night. I'm not proud.
Some diabolical AK Club East employee wants us all the marinate in our sweat and slowly cook to death in this 95-degree cardio room :-(
@Shopping_Bag I've noticed it before but it's never been so poignant as when rockin' out to She Bop to then hear "It's the Mike Harvey Show"
When exactly was it the "oldies" station began playing 80's music? Was it 2010? Is there some magic 3-decades-ago formula to make an oldie?
The pups strewed fake plant moss all around the living room, and then Dasher pissed himself on his back while I was yelling at them for it.
Eventually the puppies will learn that no matter how cold it is outside, peeing inside will never result in getting to return to the couch.
RT @robdelaney: I don't feel bad making fun of GOP candidates' bodies. It's not as bad as them telling you what to do with yours.
The notion that they belong on your furniture is hardwired in the Vizsla brain stem. I have yet to ever see them nap on the floor.
At Beauty & the Beast at PAC; Have seen at least 7 little girls in their Belle costume princess dresses in the audience. Too cute!
Today's Blonde Moment: Forgetting my phone at home in the morning rush, going home to get it over lunch, & then nearly forgetting it AGAIN.
Today's Blonde Moment: While trying to get a better look at the binding on the waxing bench I put my cheek down on a 300-degree waxing iron.
Classic ski in -15ish... Was super fun and gorgeous out! Had frost on both upper & lower lashes + weird frost handlebar mustache...
I am told that, while I was running on the treadmill, I missed a "urine explosion" in the hallway courtesy of Dasher. Can't say I'm bummed.
@GrowNorth @redrummy Besides, what's gross bout babies isn't poo; it's the spit-up that swells Exorcist-style out of their face periodically
@redrummy @GrowNorth I wish it only involved shovels around here! Tonight's poo-scapade involved towels, the sink, the SpotBot... Blech.
Yay! I finally finished my jar of pickles that was purchased in '07 & expired in '09. I'm fine, by the way, in case anyone was wondering...
@redrummy Haha... I think, though, that at least you and I can agree that dog babies are WAY less gross than human babies! ;-)
I really appreciate Dasher's enthusiasm to obey & come when he's called, but not when it carries him to run through a pile of his own crap.
Caught Rudolf trying to molest a Yorkie when I popped in to the doggie daycamp to pick them up. Luckily the owner still thinks they're cute.
@redrummy Probably a bit of both... Therefore they should be sprayed liberally with some sort of Febreeze + deodorant concoction :-)
Sometimes trainers @ AK Club East walk around handing out towels. They should be spritzing deodorant on dudes instead - nonoptional 4 some!
@allcatspee Well, you get big props from me for being one of the ones that doesn't fall off the wagon in Feb. MOST folks do... Go girl!
J/K: of course I want people to work out and be healthy-just not at the same time as me. Especially not in competition for the same weights!
I can't wait for these non-gym-regulars to break their NY Resolutions! The gym shouldn't be this crowded at quarter to 8 at night!
Apparently chicken skin (& other meats cooked at high temps) contain "heterocyclic amines" which might cause cancer. 1 less reason to live.
@Shopping_Bag Well, good on you for getting' out there! I never got out of my PJ's today ;-)
@Shopping_Bag Did you do the race today or do you just go out and ride?
@BorowitzReport I'm of the mind that the original "douche holster" is the cell phone holster. Sweater vests aren't even a distant second!
We've come to the unfortunate conclusion that puppies get bored with their old toys every bit as quickly as kids do :-(
"Goodbye Cruel World!!" -- my car battery, at 8:15 am... Fortunately AAA is bringing the defibrillator to bring it back to life temporarily.
Kicking the new year off to a great start with a car that won't start and dogs that need 1 more extra vaccine before they can go to daycare.
Dasher puked his dinner up over the side of the couch, & I encouraged him to eat it. Makes for less cleanup AND we don't have to re-feed him
@GrowNorth Yes, do it! No day like 1/1 to be motivated to exercise! ;-) Throw one of those Shape mags up there to read whilst doing it.
Enjoying the last moments of solitude before @Ray__Finkle arrives home from Fairbanks, in the truck, with two insanely hyperactive puppies.
I don't think I'm going to bother making New Years Resolutions this year. I don't need any more things to fail at right now.
Wow. I'm getting old. Sipping champagne in a Girdwood cabin with 1 of my bosses and her husband, awaiting the king crab out of the steamer.
@redrummy Well, in their defense, jello-shot-oral-manipulation is not a PERFECT predictor of the technique to which you are referring...
Fairbanks, -26F. Finally getting used to the stiff nose feeling you get as soon as you step outside, which is your nose hairs freezing.
Just arrived in Fairbanks, and can report that [unsurprisingly] the Vizslas don't appreciate the -12 temp. Their potty breaks are short.
The very face of [what we hope is] remorse: w/ chewed flipflop tied to collar on his left:  http://t.co/CjBxdcKN
The Goblin Queen in the Chicken:  http://t.co/1IYp0Rnz
@allcatspee Thanks for reminding me that I have a way to NOT waste meat that doesn't involve ME consuming it! I hadn't thought of the dogs!
@allcatspee @DaveinAK If history is any guide it will actually do neither of these things, as I have a cement-grinder stomach. Just paranoid
I really hope that eating that old freezer-burned weird-tasting steak for dinner doesn't kill me in my sleep. #stomacholympics
@allcatspee UM, we would DIE if you kept to this schedule long term! ;-) That said, enjoy your hard-earned holiday time off with the fam!
It's important to celebrate the small victories: I only ate HALF the box of Amy's Organic Mac & Cheese tonight. This is indeed a first.
Damn. I forgot what a shitshow Dimond Blvd is the weekend before Christmas. Why did I pick today to return something to Petco?! :-(
This weather! All errands went out the window & I am still in my PJ's at 5pm. NOT unproductive however - garage cleaned & vanity caulked.
Sitting behind a hummer at a red light, with vanity plate "YABABY". Top level douchery if I have ever seen it.
The pups finally slept through the WHOLE night, from 10:15 to nearly 7!! I was getting mighty sick of those 4:30 am pee outings...
I never cease to find amusing the sheer number of Alaskans who find it too onerous to change out of their PJ's before going out in public.
The only thing better than a glass of red or a haircut & color after a long day at work is when your stylist pours you a glass! Yessss!
I will be giving birth to a turkey baby fairly soon. It wasn't the 1st helping of thigh meat so much as the 2nd helping of an ENTIRE leg.
This is the 1st Thanksgiving in memory where the whole family is planted in front of the TV drinking beer watching the games. Feels weird.
@redrummy Here's some #puppyporn for ya! http://t.co/Z1hq2N96
The pups have napped a ton this morning out of sheer boredom in their pen because I'm being SELFISH & trying to get shit done ;-)
@Shopping_Bag I'm making pumpkin cupcakes with mascarpone frosting, and some could have your name on them if you'd like... :-)
RT @ChrisRRegan: I predict Paul McCartney's new wife will file for divorce the first time she hears "Wonderful Christmas Time" on the radio.
Here is the best pic so far of our little hellions:  http://t.co/uh2lWzoi
It's funny how when the people on the 2 machines next to you at the gym vacate at the same time, you can't help but wonder if you stink!
I keep thinking that somehow, as I grow older, that Taco Bell will stop tasting good. Or that it will start disagreeing with me. It doesn't.
... And the 6th circle of Hell is Dimond Costco on a Saturday.
Folks: I have discovered the 5th circle of Hell: being in Humpy's & having to hear this atrocious cover of Eye of the Tiger.
@allcatspee Hope you're enjoying your day off! I've only 'manned' the desk for like 1/3 the day and I still want a stiff drink!
Did 92.1 BOB FM go off the air? I don't remember hearing anything about it but the channel is now only fuzz :-(
Oh, way to go Claire! That laundry sure will get REALLY clean when you run the cycle with no soap! #quittingcaffeine
@adn_jomalley There are definitely more civilized tire options in Anchorage, but we all keep crawling back to Costco to save that $$!
@Ray__Finkle Ivy sure gets quiet when she's stoned! I'm reconsidering my policy of stinginess with the nip. She's now getting it every night
I've built up a rather impressive (albeit motley) Tupperware collection by being neither too proud nor lazy to wash others' stuff 4 keepsies
I should probably clarify that I was not the one sharing that detail, but rather hearing it from a very friendly fellow participant ;-)
In the world of runners' post-marathon chitchat, telling a total stranger about your pre-race diarrhea is a perfectly normal thing to do.
Holy balls, that marathon HURT! Like worse than the one in '08. This one was pure misery from 16 onward instead of just the last 5 miles :-(
Ha! The Crocs store in SeaTac airport is no longer there. That makes me happy.
If I worked in a tasting room I would refuse to serve people wearing wine-themed clothing, just on principal.
@pattonoswalt I would add Train's "Soul Sister" to that list of justifiable-homicidal-rage-inspiring songs!
1st ever Calistoga mudbath experience! Pretty sure my sweat was a meritage of 75% Sauvignon Blanc, 10% Chardonnay, & 15% sweat/"toxins" :-)
In the past two days staying at a house w/ cable I've been exposed to both "Jersey Shore" & Teen Mom". Wow. Holy shit. Scary.
Two days of tasting in wine country & the boys are already looking for breweries...
@allcatspee Too late! Have already started. Staying at a friend's house while she's out of town & can't very well raid her fridge! ;-)
Questionable food choice for 9/23/11: eating Mexican food (now) purchased at 1:00 pm that spent most of the day in a hot car. Wish me luck!
I don't need pharmaceutical assistance for fear of flying, but rather to deal with the other people. Flying inspires misanthropic feelings.
I kinda just ran Mike off his last pizza slice like a jackal and now I'm finishing it. I feel a little bit bad.
"Well I already know my toe is broken 'cause I stuck it in the mammogram machine... But I'm getting an official Xray right now" -- my dad
Thank you, Chromeo, for MAKING ME get my car-dance on!
Note to self: quit taking Latouche as detour for 36th. Even outside of rush hour that light still sucks balls.
It's amazing how fast a pair of slightly damp, but very muddy trail shoes can make a whole room smell like cat piss!
It's been weeks since our blackbear friend wandered into our cul-de-sac, but I'm STILL amazed at how many neighbors put trash out at night!
"Oh, you're in row 20? I'm in row 6... So I'll just meet you at baggage claim..." -- my terribly impatient mother
@ArcticGarden Agreed!! These cutesy, supposedly funny T-shirts tell us a lot about the wearer, and rarely positive things ;-)
Having an awful mid-afternoon carb crash during this 8-hr strategic planning session...
If you're gonna wear a shirt that says "Don't hate me 'cause I'm beautiful; Hate me 'cause I'm a bitch," you should technically be beautiful
Apparently there are such things as "midwife drinking songs" & a bunch of 'happy' midwives hijacked the mic from our musician to sing them!
RT @rainnwilson: Brilliant! @robdelaney: May I trouble u to read &amp; maybe RT my letter to Katy Perry? I think you'll like it. Thanks! ...
@allcatspee Perhaps they even resort to kneeling down, tears on their little faces, to eat Entropy's food out of his dish to sate themselves
RT @TheAtlantic: At least 25 of the highest paid CEOs earned more in 2010 than their companies paid in taxes http://t.co/qwr2P7w
@allcatspee Do they know how to break into the fridge on their own? ;-) Ivy just makes slightly more noise than usual when she's ravenous.
I forgot to feed my cat this morning for the 2nd time this month! I am clearly not fit to be a parent of any living creature.
I fear the novice unicycle-riding teenage boy who lives on the backside of a steep hill in my neighborhood will get a Darwin Award soon...
I hope that the algae that forms in a Brita pitcher is safe to drink, 'cause I sure do drink a lot of it.
Just caught a glimpse of myself after the MAC makeup artist got me "camera ready" for this shoot. I look like a hooker. Or Dee Snider.
"What do you know?, you're just 'the talent'?!" My favorite Clark quote of today's shoot... So far...
Showed up to my Northrim Bank ad photo shoot, and @okiave is one of the photographers! What are the odds?! :-)
Spotted: middle-aged, shirtless, hirsute man in PJ pants, on foot, lugging suitcase up closed section of 36th. Would love 2 know backstory!
It's amazing, the extent to which babies can sound like exotic birds. I notice this in the grocery store more than anywhere else.
Who's walkin' on the wild side now? ;-) RT @myrnakjensen: What the heck?! I'm on vacay and going to bed at 11:30 (10:30 AK time)
@GrowNorth Ah, but very few shopvacs are strong enough to suck up pools of baby puke ;-)
Having a shopvac that lives semi-permanently in your kitchen is really handy when you spill cheese all over the floor.
I know one shouldn't let politics wreck a longtime friendship, but how does one deal w/ a friend who "likes" Michelle Bachmann on FB?!
Who paid these little turds known as "Hot Chelle Rae" to get into a recording studio & unleash this shitbomb of a summer hit on the public?
I am pretty sure the woman in front of us in the liquor store is writing a novel in her checkbook.
Haha, this is for you @allcatspee  RT @robdelaney: I'd like to drink less coffee but I don't want to murder my family with a hammer.
@GrowNorth Yeah, he was joining in the Marvin Gaye and then the Otis Redding as well... But he stopped before I had to regulate ;-)
Attn: guy near me in Spenard Roadhouse bar: your falsetto does NOT sound awesome accompanying Marvin Gaye.
Wow, it's like magic! It's been overcast but dry all day, I put my running clothes on, and it starts raining. :-(
Who eats those 4th of July (or Easter or Halloween, etc) over-frosted cupcakes and cakes from Fred Meyer? Just looking at them makes me ill.
Credit Union 1 seems to think it reasonable to have 2 tellers for the lunch hour. The line is out the door and rather fussy.
Every time my cat goes into the shower to explore & sniff around, I have to fight the temptation to, y'know... show her how it works...
$11.11 for standard shipping? Screw you Target.com. I AM crotchety enough to back out of the order even when shipping comes at the very end
The chocolate milk I had with my spicy curry has suddenly robbed me of my motivation to hit the gym after dinner... Funny, that...
@Shopping_Bag Well, now we have out own cheap craft raft to go wreck on Campbell Creek, so lemme know when the next rafting party is!
@Shopping_Bag We just rafted Chena River in a crappy $30 Fred Meyer raft & my ass is soaking wet but good fun! Made me think of Campbell Crk
Digging unopened Taco Bell hot sauce packets out of the trash to make the ultimate burrito #thingsyoullstooptowhileonyourperiod
Came across this article on an FB page: rather spot-on! http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748704409004576146321725889448.html
Can anybody give us a tip on an IT/networking genius who might want to work w/ our office on a needs-based sporadic & hourly basis?
@birthcenters We don't have a contract for our facility billing (UB04's) but do all of our clinic billing with HealthFusion, very reasonable
Man, I hate it when I spend too much time in the sun and I get that freckle mustache that makes it look like I need to wax the upper lip :-(
Every time I fly I'm reminded that first class is less and less a show of wealth & more a display of morbid obesity in this day and age.
@Shopping_Bag Oooh, where's that not-for-boring-people restaurant going in? Hard to identify Anchorage stripmalls by just top decor...
It's a sad moment when you realize that giving your boyfriend the "silent treatment" is actually a favor in that he secretly enjoys it.
@Shopping_Bag Ivy wanted to come to HI w/ me but then I told her you're housesitting... She's staying!  http://plixi.com/p/93845725
RT @AKBirthCenter: @okiave 's photographic genius made our Birth Center look more wonderful (& spacious & well-lit) than it already is!  ...
@allcatspee Join the club!! You know you're training good and hard when it kills your quads to ascend ONE flight of stairs ;-)
@shanelocke @Shopping_Bag @lauritadianita Awww shucks... Guess I'll have to make my Twitter comeback soon then :-)
@Shopping_Bag Do you mean to imply that the world missed my inane thoughts? Or that at least you two did/do? ;-)
Twitter is suggesting I follow Taco Bell. Does it somehow know that I broke down and got me some the other day w/ @Ray__Finkle at 1:30 am?!
RT @akgnt: Sign up in less than 2 hours!! A registration button will "magically" appear on the homepage right at 8pm, so make sure you'r ...
RT @MarylandMudflap: I'm going to keep telling myself its "Bieber Fever" even though I know its really crabs.
RT @pattonoswalt: “@questlove: Bell Biv Devoe.....now you know....//Do I flip it BEFORE I smack it up, or does the "rub it down" come first?
I mean nearly-extinct... Or endangered... PETA makes me so mad I can't think straight!!
Why can't PETA focus their energy & rich donors' money on something more worthwhile than hatin' on Iditarod?! Like saving extinct species?!
RT @robdelaney: GOP: Stop trying to get me to "loosen up" & rape everybody! I'm old fashioned; I need women to "be adults" & "want it."
RT @jenny_wade: must be nice being 2 years old, getting to dress like a drunken clown every day just to go cry in public.
@vsilber on her frozen lunch meal: "It smells like chemicals and butt!"
@Ray__Finkle inadvertently tested the morality of fellow Beerfest goers by dropping his sample tickets on the ground. Disappeared in seconds
Walked into AK Club East Over 21 locker room & someone had the Christian Music channel on. I promptly changed it.
Though I'm getting a later start on this 2-hr classic ski than I'd planned, the upside is spectacular sunset viewing from top o' Spencer Lp!
I suppose this constitutes a glowing endorsement of toasted Morningstar veggie patties that I asked "Ew, who has fast food in here?!"
Simple, but effective at making a bit of my lunch bite come out my nose: RT @robdelaney: "I AM A BUTTHOLE DETECTIVE!" - dogs
I just found a Christmas tree ornament IN my bed. Ah, the joys of cat-ownership...
Unable to get out 'n hunt mice or birds,the "dead birds" Ivy leaves me are dried turds wrapped in TP shreds on th floor #catsarefilthybeasts
@allcatspee If Entropy is anything like Phoebe then you'll all be punished for his dairy consumtion with some wicked raunchy gas later! ;-)
At least we drank the Veuve Cliquot and the Asti in the right order...
RT @JennyJohnsonHi5: Jenny's New Year's Eve Party Tip: Don't cry, fart and puke at the same time (people never forget seeing something l ...
RT @RonnieWK: Hey guys! When you're partying tonight, remember: spankings don't hurt as much when you're wearing a diaper.
Ugh! You need to save those tweets for after 5pm Alaska time! ;-) RT @allcatspee: Ooooooh, margaritas!!!
I am like completely powerless under the spell of deeply-discounted, nearly-expired dairy products.
My mom got my dad Rock & Republic jeans for Christmas. His take: "I look like Freddy Mercury in these things!"
Felt just like Santa, slinking around the livingroom w/ @Ray__Finkle, depositing gifts in stockings & under the tree while parents slept :-)
Making poppy seed cake and Glögg for ice skating at Cuddy with coworkers and their kids... Hope this butt-ass-cold weather doesn't ruin it!
@Suki_AK Debarr... It looked worse from outside, though the lines are long from what I could see coming in. ALL carts in use or outside!
Go me! Apparently I picked the EXACT same time to go to Costco that the entire rest of Anchorage picked as well. This is going to be a blast
It puts the lotion on its skin!... Several times a day... #alaskanwinter
@johnmoe This one is so DUH but... "I'm easy like Christmas morning..." #lionelrichiexmas
Revelation! Upon listening to "16 Candles" & thinkin about that movie, just realized who Blaine from Glee reminds me of & why I &lt;3 him so...
Ivy managed to drag the handtowel into her litter box & then peed on it - the litter is firmly adhered to one corner. #catsarefilthybeasts
Either I'm hallucinating or they're playing a Cocteau Twins rendition of Frosty the Snowman in Pier 1... Who knew they did Christmas tunes?
Oh my. -3 up here in Stuckagain. Here goes...
It's really quite a miracle of modern sports clothing that I got hot last time I classic skied in 0 degree temps. Heading out again! :-)
RT @meganamram: Based on your interest in Step Up 2: The Streets, Daddy Day Care, and Notting Hill, Netflix recommends killing yourself.
YAY!! RT @pattonoswalt: Upcoming shows -- SF! NYC! Austin! Boston! Portland! Orlando! Des Moines! Fargo! Anchorage?! http://bit.ly/eNjzWN
Yay! www.modcloth.com is so awesome! @lauritadianita Your dress is already here! It's all I can do to not open it and have a peek...
@allcatspee Oh no!! Sounds like a fitting ending to the day you've had, hmm? Have a glass of wine & maybe things'll seem better ;-)
Sigh. Time to get out of the warm car and face the 1 degree air now that I've driven me and my classic skis all the way up here...
Does anyone else's cat come running to personally supervise the litterbox scooping practically every time? Do you think they're gloating?
Oh, there are ones that involve chicken strips+ ranch too RT @Shopping_Bag: @clairecnc Your pre-workout meals sound better than my regulars.
Dinner (round 1, pre-workout) = sautéed leeks, cabbage, & chard. Guess I'm STILL not over my post-Colombia trip greens cravings 2 wks after.
I've worked through enough births happening in the next room that I can tell the push that gets the baby out even before I hear it scream!
Aw shoot - that was me today! RT @croninwhocares: Something about pizza eaten at your desk reminds you you haven't quite made it.
@adn_jomalley I personally like the Norwegian tradition of leaving it up (& continuing to celebrate Christmas) up until 1/1 or close to it.
Murphy's law dictates that if you are running late to meet someone who has BIKED to your house in 15 degrees, you WILL miss every light.
Pumice stone felt woefully inadequate on my feet tonight (1st use in a while). Might have to employ the orbital sander before returning it.
In a tiny degree birth room heated to like 85 degrees with 2 bosses & 4 coworkers NOT counting the one on labor. We're all one giant family!
RT @margaretcho: From jim short: These famewhoring Palins need to be renamed The Alaskardashians
RUSHING to Birth Center, as my friend is 9 cm already... Hope to not be too late to see my 1st natural birth!! Then back to caramel making.
Can't we just all agree, businesses & people alike, to never play "Feliz Navidad" anywhere, EVER?!
Note to self: Do not touch things made of porcelain within 20 min of waking up. Sole exception = coffee mug. (No helping that)
Downloading "The Andrews Sisters Sing Christmas." I think my soul just grew yet a few more wrinkles.
I am really a sight to behold righ now. And yes, I totally put diaper rash ointment on it, since that's essentially what it is! It's lovely
This cold made my sinuses clog my lacrimal duct which gave me elephantitis of the eyelid. Hot compresses have given me diaper rash skin...
@allcatspee Dang it!! My mom was going to buy a table and take us all, and I think she clean spaced it. :-( Hope it's fun & lucritive 4 STAR
That song "I Wish You a Merry Christmas" annoys the crap out of me. Caroling ceases to be altruistic when you DEMAND figgy pudding.
I'm sure we'll be, like, the next Sundance by next year! ;-)
Apparently the Anchorage International Film Festival is cool enough to attract big names like Jon Voight. He's here at BT for opening film.
The percocet that was s'posed 2 help me sleep through this throat pain & cough instead just kept me up all night scratching like a crackhead
Pannacotta w/ lavender syrup & apricot ginger compote paired w/ Belgian-style pale with lavender at "The Grape Leaf." I'm in food heaven.
Jen's shower was super fun: lots of good baby loot 4 her + fun & raucous discussions on topics such as retained diaphrams & "placenta art."
I keep finding chocolate-covered Peeps in random places like bottom of purse & work desk drawer. Sadly, I know that one day I will eat them.
Santa's already out and about, running errands & getting ENT surgery, apparently...  http://plixi.com/p/60546976
My right eye is enormously swollen for reasons unknown. I wonder if it would look freaky if I did a pink eyeshadow job on the other 2 match
@Ray__Finkle Don't you dare go getting cynical on me re: Christmas. You have at least 2 wks of "Christmas w/ the Rat Pack" 2 enjoy chez moi
Ah well, to each their own RT @Shopping_Bag: @clairecnc I violated your code, have been listening to Cash & Elvis Christmas albums all week.
YESSSS!... It's 12/1, which means open season on the eggnog and Christmas tunes! :-) Consumption prior to 12/1 is rather inappropriate.
Most people take whole sick days for illnesses. I take "sick hours" in the morning to recover from the ill effects of my sporting pursuits.
I was going to try to go vegetarian for a few days to recover from the meat-n-grease fest that was Colombia. That lasted all of 1.5 days.
I must have really missed lettuce while in Colombia; just realized I've been shoveling it into my mouth from the bag 4 the last few minutes
Oi. -2 at Cambell Creek Sci Ctr & 10 at Hilltop. 2nd classic ski of season. So much for easing into the butt-ass-cold weather exercise.
No one but Eartha Kitt (may she rest in peace) should be/have been allowed to record "Santa Baby." It sounds skanky coming from anyone else
@davidfrum In case you haven't read her, Marion Nestle's books have great histories of the lack of FDA oversight in the supplement market!
Costco around Christmas = disaster for the wallet!
@adn_jomalley For me, XC skiing night or day, a lil' fake-n-baking from time to time, & wine in front of the fireplace is all it takes :-)
Waking up at 6 am with a throbbing headache was apparently not enough: My Monday morning needed to also involve cleaning cat puke. Thx Ivy!
Trying on my bridesmaids dress for @lauritadianita wedding before the cabbage & leeks I ate for dinner distended my belly beyond recognition
The Handcrafted Fair at @AnchorageMuseum was fabulous! I love being able to buy Christmas gifts straight from Alaskan artists!
RT @RonnieWK: Beheading the brutalized halibut down the frigid, slippery slime line. #SexWithSarahPalin
Watching the "Grilled Cheesus" Glee episode on Laura's laptop in my hotel room in Bogotá an' cryin' like a baby.
So full from yet another meat- & starch-intensive traditional Colombian meal, I had to turn over an ad for room service pizza so's not 2 gag
It's a little disheartening to still hear thunder clapping as we're sitting on a plane bound for Bogotá in a torrential downpour...
I was assaulted with a 90 degree wave of humidity immediately upon stepping onto the Tarmac in Cartagena. Let the profuse sweating begin!
Bogotá tap water is really good; I'm going to miss it when we leave for Cartagena & have to start being careful. No one wants to take Cipro.
@lauritadianita WooHoo!! Did you mean tonight? We are, coincidentally, going out to dinner at some point... ;-) Or did you mean back in AK?
@Ray__Finkle I wish your arm (& the rest of you) were there for me to grab during the scary parts in Harry Potter! My mom's just wouldn't do
Colombian mannequins have Pamela Anderson boob-job shaped tits instead of the American Barbie style, semi-real but super perky looking ones.
@lauritadianita What exactly does your cheap self taste like? ;-)
I'm told the water in Bogotá is potable, though it smells a bit sulphuric - unsettling. This may be the ultimate test of the iron stomach.
...And holy crap, may I just say that 4 flights of stairs @ 7800 ft altitude is pretty damn intense! I got dizzy even,not to mention winded!
Was just informed by @lauritadianita that you can't flush toilet paper AT ALL in Bogotá (or anywhere in Colombia)... NOT in Kansas anymore!
It's funny how the further you get from Alaska/West Coast the worse the plane etiquette gets... Steady decline of all forms of politeness.
I sure hope so! I'm so sick of the cutesiness of cupcakes! Plus they give you frosting mustache. RT @adn_jomalley: Is pie the new cupcakes?
I've been in SF downtown for hours now & the only bare arms I've seen are mine & the mannequins. Alaska living does mess with you...
Passport agency really doesn't open til 9 so am joining my fellow passport-needing compatriots (like 35+ of them) in line 1/2 hour early.
@allcatspee I've got a fabulous book & will also treat self to breakfast if time allows... THAT'S how paranoid I am! Punctuality is hard!
I don't think I've been so paranoid about getting somewhere on time in my life. Will end up arriving to SF Passport Agency appt 45 min early
Still on the fence about whether Papa John's "Special Garlic Dipping Sauce" is "so gross it's good," or just "so gross"...
@JoeMillerBeard Condolences... The Beard has been graceful in HIS concession ;-) Thanks for cracking us all up through this whole thing!
Uh oh... The SF passport agency is kinda near an H&M & I might have solo time to kill while they make mine on Friday... Hmmm.
Ke$ha is musical vomit.
May I just say that waiting until 3 days before my trip to South America to explore immunization options was NOT smart...
Enjoyed the Osso Bucco at Orso + heavily salted margarita but now feel like I could cross the Sahara on foot with all this retained water.
@christinagheen I have loved The Golden Girls since I was a lil' kid! You're not alone! ;-)
@Geargals She was just kinda surly and in a huge hurry to move on to the next customer without fully finishing with me...
@bubblebathos Good question! Always wondered how that horse-for-boys substitution on the part of the parents works out for them longterm
Setting new record for earliness of Christmas music consumption, because @vsilber "has a craving." At least we can agree on the classics.
Finished APU wax clinic & am now waxing XC skis in parents' garage, resigning myself to fact that my winter will be very ski + wax-centric
Why on earth are all the female employees at AMH SO unpleasant?! I really want 2 support Paul's business but they have pushed me 2 the limit
This pomegranate vodka cheesecake at Kinleys is well with the trip and expense!  http://plixi.com/p/56345905
Damn you, @lauritadianita 4 introducing me to the site with the cutest dresses in the WORLD to get my bridesmaid's dress!! Oh the havoc...
RT @TVsAndyDaly: Senator from the party that wants to abolish the dept of education needs her constituents to spell her name right in or ...
Shoot. Poor choice of footwear. Heels + Costco run 4 work + 40lb. box of paper + snowy parking lot = This could end badly.
@suzy Studio 1 on Old Seward is good for Pilates (bootcamp is worth it!) & tho I've never been, lots of friends rave about Anchorage Yoga...
These attempts I make at behavior modification w/ my cat will prolly land me in the nuthouse before they ever work on her incessant meowing
RT @bubblebathos: does anyone have Ke$ha's contact info, just invented a machine that converts inexplicable confidence back into drugs!!
Getting implants & then having them overflow your gym tanktop seems akin to putting a fake diploma on your office wall.
In case anyone didn't intuitively know this, getting hydrogen peroxide in your eye really F-ing hurts. Mistook ClearCare bottle 4 the saline
Note to self: Dont wait 'til 10 min before you're 'sposed to be to work to take 1st look out the window & see that it's DUMPING snow.
This gloomy sky over Anchorage matches my mood exactly.
@Ray__Finkle YAY RT @spenardrh: Yummy Steak Sandwich: shaved ribeye, caramelized onions, fontina, horseradish sour cream served on ciabatta.
I proudly voted for @McAdamsforAK just now, rather than giving into the Miller fear & writing LM in. #AKSen
RT @andyhaynesed: If you're voting for the Tea Party tomorrow, remember that you vote by praying, paper ballots are for evil big-governm ...
After numerous freezing-cold Alaska Airlines flights, I layered up 4 this trip, but Continental seems to prefer 85• as cabin temperature :-(
After subway suicide fiasco + white knuckle cab ride, we are finally safely ensconced in a lovely Turkish restaurant. SO excited.
Welcome to DC! A guy just thre himself in front of the metro on the opposite side of the platform from us. They're trying to find his body.
I'm thinking this cervical collar might not be such a bad idea to fly with ALL the time: built in neck pillow + gapey-mouth drool-preventer
Now I know how dogs feel in their satellite dish collars: I'm rockin' the "cervical collar" like an actor in an ambulance-chasing lawyer ad
And thanks, @suzy for sharing your experience, 'cause I hadn't previously thought of going to a credit union for my refi :-)
It's official: my 15-yr refi loan is being locked in at 3.75% at Alaska USA right this second :-)
@adn_jomalley Yep! But on Continental tomorrow night very late... So excited!!
@adn_jomalley Are you on the Continental redeye or a different flight earlier in the day?
Of all the levels on which this costume is offensive, the grammatical may be the worst: http://plixi.com/p/52741476
Sitting down to last performance of Mamma Mia. Preparing to be drenched in musical corn syrup, but of course forgot prophylactic insulin.
@Shopping_Bag No, was fresh up from a power-nap, still incoherent, so all I managed was "that's my mom!" which discombobulated him greatly.
Too funny! Just had teenage boy come to my door on behalf of AK Conservation Voters wanting to give me some info on Barbara Norton...
I get enough intermittent positive reinforcement from Costco Pharmacy to make up for the frequent negative: Was in & out in 6 minutes today!
Why is it that I am completely incapable of declining a free slice in Great Harvest, regardless of whether I'm hungry or not?
RT @robdelaney: The Tea Party would have died 100 times by now if the media didn't hungrily defibrillate it each day at dawn.
Careful now!... RT @Ray__Finkle: @clairecnc It is a fortunate thing you enjoy laughing at yourself.  Christmas present found.
If I see anyone actually wearing these in town I might be compelled to point & laugh. http://plixi.com/p/51905785
Some days I wish I didn't have as much perspective as I do so that I could really wallow in feelings of misery about relatively small stuff.
You know you're exhuasted when you can have two cups of strong coffee at a.m. signwaiving w/ @BarbaraNortonAK & then take a nap b4 work...
3rd cup of coffee will likely make for a very jittery, hyperactive Claireadactyl... Probably gonna go for it anyway...
Why have I not been more diligent about checking the free Amazon mp3 downloads regularly? The Sarathan Records samplers have some good stuff
Nothing helps you kick off the day feeling perpetually cold & hungry like an early-morning sign-waving session. It is for a good cause tho!
Just got aggro speedraced by a guy who I had tried to get around. Apparently he's feeling more than a bit emasculated by his Dodge Caravan.
I tend to develop an instant love/hate relationship with whoever brings in bagels and cream cheese to the office.
Despite the fabulous samples (brisket!) my hunger is definitely affecting my judgement. I just grabbed frozen breaded chicken tenders...
Making a work Costco run on a semi-empty stomach w/ a long list of food wants from preggers co-workers. God help me & the company Visa!!
@Ray__Finkle RT @CNHinAK: @matthewfelling This one's for you: The greatest Cosby sweaters of All Time! http://bit.ly/cJe9B6
@suzy Who are you using for your refi? I'm trying to get one in the works too! :-)
Quote from pregnant co-worker: "I'm about tired of pissing myself." Oh the joys...
RT @TVsAndyDaly: In honor of Columbus Day, I'm gonna break into my neighbors' house, convert them to Christianity and then give them all ...
I guess you're officially a [cannibal] pig if you throw proscuitto in your mouth so vigorously that it slaps you on the cheek going in.
Pathetic, I know, but I totally feel like a genius for teaching myself how to single-space stuff in WordPress by searching techie blogs.
When you get up, look in the mirror, & your bedhead looks good enough to wear straight to work as is, you know today is gonna be a good day.
2nd Blonde Moment: tried to apply Arnica strip sample to ankle, got irritated that it wouldn't stick, THEN read instructions 2 take orally.
Today's Blonde Moment: turning wrong burner on to keep rice warm, put plastic Tupperware on burner that WAS actually on, where it melted.
At Bday party at Ginger, Drew Barrymore just wished our friend happy birthday as she was leaving
:-) #everybodyloveswhales
@Ray__Finkle gave me his gristle and tendon piece from our BBQ rib entree at Ginger 'cause he knows I love it! What a sweetie!
Whatever horrible things can happen 2 a person who eats salmon that's marinated in the fridge 4 a week will happen 2 me, cause that's lunch.
In spite of the fierce wind got so hot doing running-lit-drop 4 @BarbaraNortonAK campaign wanted to strip down to sports bra but refrained!
RT @Ray__Finkle: @clairecnc I'm fairly sure what you meant to say was #Claireodactylfeedingfrenzy
I wonder if it has anything to do with the fact that I'm reading the latest issue of Bon Appétit at the table, which is like food porn.
Served myself a "normal" portion of Costco ravioli (1/2 package): was insufficient. Am now devouring other 1/2. #pterodactylfeedingfrenzy
Finally checking out Anzilotti's Tuscan Market on Dimond... Am quite impressed & haven't even made it to the counter to order! :-)
Guess who's going to @rally4sanity!! Oh! Oh! Oh! Now how am I going to survive the wait 'til 10/29?!! The excitement may very well kill me.
This could go down in the annals of Claire's poor food choices for sure: Burrito King "Lingua" burrito, extra from yesterday, sat out hours.
Crap! This is all my fault! I worried it would rain on @bcruzerAK's & my early-morning run but then thought "Nah, hasn't rained in days!"
At @McAdamsforAK fundraiser, Tom Begich laid out the case for why Lisa's write-in bid WILL fail. This needs to get talked about more!!
Heading 2 a fundraiser for @McAdamsforAK 2 give him some of my hardest-earned, & y'all should too if you wanna keep a nut outta the senate.
Wow! Go figure! ;-) RT @nprnews: Atheists And Agnostics Know More About Bible Than Religious http://n.pr/9yq5qK
According to @Ray__Finkle my meat consumption qualifies me as not an omnivore, or even a carnivore, but a "Meatasaurus."
Last run of the season without gloves? Hands are semi-numb, red, & fat like baseball mitts &lt;3 &lt;3!!
@Ray__Finkle I'm sorry to say that expired food also = anytime, & by extension, expired food dropped on the floor as well. Fast food = 6 hrs
@Ray__Finkle I've also pondered cannibalism after about, like, 8 hours of hunger... It's all relative ;-)
Just heard a story about @lauritadianita [the rabid huntress], killing a rabbit with her bare hands in Colombia (w/ Oscar's help) to eat.
@bcruzerAK got really artistic with tonight's dinner:  http://plixi.com/p/47410266
Brrrrr. I'm pronouncing summer officially dead.
Dang. I kinda knew this phenomenally productive painting & cleaning streak would at some point end w/ me sitting shoveling M&Ms in my mouth.
While normally not afraid of spiders, even I had to squeal when SEVERAL of them jumped onto my arm as I moved my curtain back to vacuum. Ew!
@Ray__Finkle Fairbanks expert: RT @adn_jomalley: Are men in Fairbanks more likely to have beards than men in Anchorage?Your thoughts?
Yes! I am not the only one at the office who has a secret love for a Bieber song!! @vsilber likes it too! #guiltymusicpleasures
RT @GhostPanther: The new Republican "Pledge to America" was written by a former AIG and Comcast lobbyist. Fun Fact!
From pregnant coworkers, just learned Joy of Pregnancy no. 37: you pee when you sneeze. Also 38: confusing fetal movement with gas.
Thank you @vsilber for getting an Enrique Iglesias song stuck in my head. Only revenge is to torture everyone by singing it... Repeatedly.
Wow! World of difference between Tues am run & this am: frost on the ground, & like 8 degrees colder.
Need to start wearing hat & gloves!
The PMS Monster just attacked me, held me down, and force-fed me 2 Wild Cherry Pepsis & a half pound of chocolate. Feeling a little shaky.
Fun lil' earthquake! Led 2 sharing of anecdotes w/ fellow Californian co-worker about where in CA we were 4 the big one. She was on the pot
Setting alarm for 6:20 am w/ intentions to run, but after a weekend of being a semi-nocturnal creature I give me tops 1/5 odds of making it.
@Shopping_Bag Dude, Are you at like a monster truck rally or some shit?!!
These Amazon.com binges of discovering & buying new music really leave me feeling like a junky.Especially when it's sunny out & I'm starving
Great. Thanks sun, for coming out AFTER I've completed all my lit-drop running 4 the day...Guess I'll have to go lay on the roof in bikini!
Holy cow! 2 miles of neighborhood turns into 6.1 when doing door-to-door lit-drop 4 @BarbaraNortonAK on foot, running. It's a great workout!
This one's for you @bcruzerAK RT @michaelianblack: I think my new favorite food might be gristle.
Whoa. Marx Brothers Caesar salad has my mouth positively tingling from all the raw garlic.
Only Harry Crawford can interrupt birthday dinner for @BarbaraNortonAK with a phone call ;-)
Negative high-functioning-adult points 4 me today :-( When will I quit forgetting important shit at home & inconviencing people w/ lateness?
@adn_jomalley I suspect your average toilet seat gets cleaned far more often than an airplane seat, per former flight attendants
I don't think of myself as a super fast hiker, but my fit triathlete friend asked me if I was "trying to kill her" 1/2way up Little O'Malley
RT @pattonoswalt: Dear Mr. Jesus -- Please keep shitstorms, clusterfucks and Sarah Palin figurative and not real things.
Ugh, I hate you, Bear Tooth [carne] nachos! This is like the ectopic pregnancy of food babies! :-(
How cute - @AlaskaAir thinks that people will take 10+ min out of their busy day to complete an online survey w/ no incentive offered...
Damn you Costco! I slip in on a sunny Monday night on the assumption I'd be in-n-out in record time & you have 3 registers open. Argghh!
RT @akcoder: The birth center my wife and I used for both of our kids is now on twitter. We love @AKBirthCenter and all the midwives and ...
In addition to having insane religious/political propaganda posted in-store, Northstar Locksmiths on NL Blvd also make keys that don't work.
RT @myster: LAME. RT @jmproffitt: Disgusting tale: Play It Again Sports buys stolen gear, refuses to return it to owner http://j.mp/bV7f ...
RT @SarahKSilverman: I'm not lazy it's just that I have a very active dream life so I have to be there a lot.
Wish I could be at @McAdamsforAK  HQ to fête the opening but am instead schlepping speculum buckets down the hall to help out on a crazy day
Ugh!My cat just shook her head violently & a drop of her drool hit me right in the eye!Being allergic to cats,sure to form cyst or something
RT @AllieBrosh: Oh hello, wakefulness.  You do realize I went to sleep at around 3:30 AM, right?  Okay then.
I finally got another Twitter app set up for Geneva Woods Birth Center so whoever is interested in our news: @AKBirthCenter Please follow!
So much for any sort of CA jetlag that wakes me up earlier than normal & gets me to work ahead of schedule... I feel like ass. :-(
Just landed in Anchorage: flew in from the south so got to see Whittier, Gwood, etc & finally the coastal trail which always gets me excited
Apparently we are on the "Disneyland Flight" if the number of small kids at the gate is any indication.Thank God I charged
my iPod yesterday
@bcruzerAK wants to snorkel so he can moon this submarine, so he says:  http://plixi.com/p/43499254
@BarbaraNortonAK It is GORGEOUS! Sunny, warm... & relaxed day with no real agenda which is nice :-) Hope your meeting is productive...
@BCAquaculture I appreciate the different persepctive, but hatcheries are a far cry from penned fish stuffed w/ antibiotics & orange dye...
The thick fog is keeping the 'Catalina Flyer' from going as fast as normal across the ocean so it's a bit rolly. I feel bad for the seasick!
Yay! Check the box for Russel Brand look-alike on my imaginary Bingo card in my own private game of SoCal Bingo.
Rectocele, fistula, prolapse, Oh my! Learning lots of neat things about the pelvic floor & what can go wrong from Dr. Cruz at #aabc conf.
One of the midwives here has a T-shirt on, the back of which says "I support perineums." Awesome. #aabc
I just finished my plate of farmed Atlantic salmon at the Newport Beach Hyatt for this AABC luncheon. This makes an Alaskan feel dirty.
Thanks to 2 weddings the Newport Beach Hyatt is now crawling w/ drunk 20-somethings making a shit-ton of noise. Conference starts at 7. FML
@BarbaraNortonAK had the winning bid on a hat she is hoping will bring luck to her campaign #aabc http://plixi.com/p/43140101
@jimmyfallon Looks like someone got some rapid grammar feedback from the Twitter community ;-) Gotta love it!
Abuse of the word "caveat" seems to be rampant these days.
RT @robdelaney: If you spend money on "fruit & vegetable wash," you can't criticize @SarahPalinUSA, because you are also silly & terrible.
RT @michaelianblack: I'm listening to Miles Davis because I am better than you.
Alaska Airlines is rockin' the Glee Soundtrack. The music is actually rather horrid outside the context of watching the show.
RT @JimGaffigan: Thank you Apple for inventing the software to fix the software you invented that broke my phone.
@shanelocke I really like Echofon, and it's free :-)
I think I just experienced a real physical sympathy pain upon dropping a pot & putting the 1st siginificant dent in my new hardwood floor :(
Having a "If you give a mouse a cookie" moment. Bought liverwurst at Sagayas so HAD to cross street 4 German Schwarzebrot at Natural Pantry
...But that would be a lie. I seem to be a human trash compactor that runs on pretty much any fuel that gets put in...
Wish I could say that the corn fritters, chicken strips, curly fries, corndog, and elephant ear consumed at the Fair didn't agree w/ me.
Costco has Christmas wrapping out already and it's not even Labor Day yet... WTF?
Polish hotdog looks like "safest" thing on this menu... On the bright side, preparing my digestive tract for full frontal Fair-food assault!
And furthermore, to make matters worse, doing something I've never done: eat at Home Depot food stand cause I forgot to eat lunch at work...
Finding myself at Home Depot on this lovely Friday afternoon... The other place, besides my crawl space, where I has spent way too much time
@akcook Rednecks wear Crocs? I'll be damned...
