deeni40_four
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/519779188018921473/FN0u_CR-_400x400.jpeg
@Maryam18th Wetin?
@Maryam18th Madame
AMAZIN' http://t.co/WW8jNK7SWF
@ABDURRA47642173 Presidooo...How is the azumi going?
#SamsungNation
"Talk less and act more"
"Do not worry about holding high position; worry rather about playing your proper role."
RT @quotedojo: Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit. ~Elbert Hubbard #wi…
RT @quotedojo: Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind. ~Robert Green Ingersoll #anger
RT @quotedojo: The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity. ~Thomas Peters
RT @TheGoldenMirror: Blame keeps us stuck in the past. Forgiveness opens the door to the future.
What is defeat? Nothing but education. Nothing but the first step to something better.
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
RT @quotedojo: Art does not reproduce the visible rather, it makes visible. ~Paul Klee
A lesson that is forced onto someone often teaches its opposite
Becoming aware of your weaknesses can be discouraging, but being conscious of them is needed to turn them into strengths
To make mistakes is human to stumble is commonplace to be able to laugh at yourself is maturity
As long as people believe in absurdities, they will continue to commit atrocities
#ProudlyNigerian
Nothing succeeds like success
Depression is often the result of some form of mental oppression. Seek out what it is and liberate yourself
Don't kill your dreams by thinking why they can't come true. Dream without restriction and someday they'll find a way
You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through
Just a bad day...
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony
Thoughtless discussions create mindless quarrels. Take the effort to speak to each other with well-considered caring words
#TwitterAnthem
Depression feeds off your attention, the more you give in to it, the more the struggle continues
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time
Anthropology is the most humanistic of the sciences and the most scientific of the humanities
I got the magic, I know you got the magic too. . .
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success
What you get is not about what you deserve, but about what you attract with your attitude towards life
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse
He who opens a school door, closes a prison.
A smile is the lighting system of the face and the heating system of the heart
Rules only make sense if they are both kept and broken. Breaking the rule is one way of observing it
God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can &amp; the wisdom to know the difference.
You must learn from your past mistakes, but not lean on your past successes.
A minute of your time can make someone's day.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Never complain and never explain
She's the best thing that ever happened to me
I hate partying...'gosh!'
Growing up is never a rushing thing, its a gradual process.
Enemies and friends are destined to be part of our lives.
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures.
Black girl she be 'dudu' turn white...(Bleech). Lols!
When you go along with what people say, they'll feel fine about it. They feel the impact of their words only when those words are disputed.
Don't let the dark convince you you're not worthy of the light. The light can only be reached when you value yourself enough to receive it.
"@Sadiku_LS: "@deeni40_four: This life is like a rolling dice"True" naso my brother. How have you been bro?
This life is like a rolling dice
Its funny how people change
Elevation!
#HalaMadrid http://t.co/uO7g3bOxUy
We often waste more energy trying to avoid the issue than by engaging the matter head on. Stay energized by doing what needs be done.
Lack of money is the root of all evil
There can be no friendship without confidence, and no confidence without integrity.
Stop running after those who run away from you. Only when they don't feel pressured will people come your way.
Deeds of people are presented (to Allah) on Mondays and Thursdays. So I like that my actions be presented while I am fasting. [At-Tirmidhi]"
Subhi things...Allahu, Jallajalanuhu
There's only one person that can make something of your life, and that person is you
School isn't about learning anymore. It's about passing
Nothing endures but personal qualities
Keep your dreams to yourself until you are strong enough to defend them, for they are easily destroyed by the comments of others.
Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for, great enough to die for.
When the two people meant to be together distance never matter.
Don't let yourself be held back by the initial difficulty of any task. The more you do it, the easier it becomes.
Love doesn't need to be perfect, it needs to be true
Practice being kind until you've internalized kindness
When you give advice to someone, remember that you will be held accountable for whatever you have advised; so advice only what is halal.
Look for the ridiculous in everything and you will find it
Chopping everyday see my belly dey pot bigger - Ice Prince
It funny how some people change
I put my heart into it not my brain...Lols.
Feeling sick again...Allah i need your strength
Does age really matter when it come to relationships today?
A gift, with a kind countenance, is a double present
A day without you is like a day without sunshine...
Marriage is an adventure, like going to war
Find your distance from people who discourage you. They're pulling you down just to pull themselves up
Learn to labour and to wait
When you accentuate the bad, it becomes worse. When you emphasize the good, it becomes better
Not all explanations are really explanations. Don't simply believe all you hear, but contemplate what is said and draw your own conclusions
When two people really care about each other, they will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is
No one can know you the way you do. Therefore never put what others say about you above what you know to be true yourself
When you stop ruminating about the past &amp; you stop worrying about what might never be then you will be in the present moment
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
To be able to fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization
When the stomach is full, it is easy to talk of fasting
The limitations are limitless
If you always give You will always have
Wanting the impossible only leads to unnecessary suffering. Work towards what's possible within your plausible reality
A good relationship is worth the wait
Don't keep making decisions based on what feels bad afterwards. Start making decisions based on what feels good up front
Damn!!! I hate this feeling of loneliness...
Top Five Rappers: 1. Eminem, 2. Slim Shady, 3. Marshall Mathers, 4. B Rabbit, 5. The white guy from D-12...Lols.
We often automatically tune in on each other's frequency. Turn a negative conversation around by adding a positive perspective
I don't care if there is someone better than you because to me you are the right one and the only one that I want
Another win for Real Madrid...#HalaMadrid http://t.co/tcQNRwcpLD
The sweetest of all sound is "Allahu Akhbar"
"Don't judge me yet, get to know me first".
He who allows himself to be insulted, deserves to be...
"Everything works both ways. Use positive thoughts to create a positive atmosphere; shape a positive atmosphere to gain positive thoughts."
"Life brings you what you expect of it. Change your expectations."
I don't know but all I can do is think about her all night...
I've got style
"To every action there is always an equal and opposite or contrary, reaction"
Where are my boys at?
No going back
Today is gonna be another thick day for me...
Champions League Match day2...Don't miss out on Real Madrid Match tonight. #HalaMadrid
I'm in love with this morning weather...
My life is in your hands...Dear God!
Those who see have eyes, and those who don't see have no eyes.
Am here again for some fun
Family Over Everything
RT @quotedojo: I don't care what is written about me so long as it isn't true. ~Dorothy Parker
@Cutebk08 follow back. How are you doing?
"We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection."
"He who wishes to secure the good of others has already secured his own."
RT @SportsCenter: ¡LOS CAFETEROS! Colombia takes down Ivory Coast and has won its first two games of World Cup. Dance on, Colombia. http://…
RT @quotedojo: Humility is no substitute for a good personality. ~Fran Lebowitz
RT @quotedojo: It is not good to be too free. It is not good to have everything one wants. ~Blaise Pascal
Family over everything
@Maryam18th yiyiyart
@farukh50 
You're welcome
RT @quotedojo: Education is the movement from darkness to light. ~Allan Bloom
"Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace."
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy."
"Open your arms to change, but don't let go of your values."
"We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves."
"Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck."
"It is man that makes truth great, not truth that makes man great."
"He who wishes to secure the good of others has already secured his own."
"To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it."
"Can there be a love which does not make demands on its object?"
"The gentleman understands rightousness, the petty man understands interest."
"Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance."
"Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses."
"A myth is an image in terms of which we try to make sense of the world."
"The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it and join the dance."
"Never pretend to a love which you don't actually feel, for love is not ours to command."
"Faith is a state of openness or trust."
"Organizing is what you do before you do something, so that when you do it, it's not all mixed up."
"One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries."
"Some people care too much. I think it's called love."
"You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think."
"Whatever you are, be a good one."
"Things may come to those who wait but only the things left by those who hustle."
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years."
"The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time."
"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power."
"Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves. "
"There is nothing true anywhere, The true is nowhere to be seen; If you say you see the true, This seeing is not the true one. "
"The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend."
"It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt. "
"If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six hours sharpening my axe. "
"I'm a slow walker, but I never walk back."
"Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. "
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. "
"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. "
"A house divided against itself cannot stand."
"We make our friends; we make our enemies; but God makes our next-door neighbour."
"Happiness is a mystery like religion, and it should never be rationalized."
"There is a road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect."
"The paradox of courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life even in order to keep it."
"Evil has no capital of its own. It is a parasite on goodness."
"Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery."
"You must remember to love people and use things, rather than to love things and use people."
"True spirituality has its basis in moral life, which in turn is based on contem-plation."
"If you don't behave as you believe, you will end by believing as you behave."
"There are no eternal facts, as there are no absolute truths."
"What is evil? - Whatever springs from weakness."
"The errors of great men are venerable because they are more fruitful than the truths of little men."
"By all means marry; if you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher."
"He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have."
"The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance." - Socrates
"Attachment is the great fabricator of illusions; reality can be attained only by someone who is detached."
"If we go down into ourselves, we find that we possess exactly what we desire."
"Life does not need to mutilate itself in order to be pure."
"Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life."
"The most important part of teaching is to teach what it is to know."
"A science which does not bring us nearer to God(Allah) is worthless."
"The intention that man should be happy is not in the plan of Creation."
Happy birthday to me, myself and i...i wish myself long life, prosperity, good health, and progress. To Allah Be the Glory.
At home waiting for a special friend to show up
Keep away from prohibited things and you will be among the best of worshippers.
When you are young everything feels like it’s the end of the world, but it’s not it’s just the beginning.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
Everyone seems normal until you get to know them.
A girl jogging in the park helps at least 5 boys to be fit and in shape.
I love it when someone’s laugh is funnier than the joke.
From SKT with love...
“Be Brave” Even if you are not pretend to be. No one can tell the difference.
Sometimes no matter how much you want things to happen, all you can do is wait.
I wish I could google the things I have misplaced.
Everyone seems normal until you get to know them.
There is nothing wrong with change, if it is in the right direction
You change your life by changing your heart.
If you cant change a situation, let the situation change you.
Change starts when someone sees the next step.
The key to change… is to let go of fear.
God made your face in front of you for you to move forward.
RT @Fact: Eating a mango while smoking marijuana can increase euphoria and get you higher, helping to provide a better experience.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
RT @MsRed1993: The only person to hurt you is the one close to you
RT @MostSecretFacts: When you wake up around 2-3am without any reason, there's a very high chance that someone is watching you
RT @MostSecretFacts: Having sarcastic friends will make you more creative. Sarcasm is considered a brain stimulant.
RT @MostSecretFacts: Relationships that start off as friendships tend to last longer.
RT @MostSecretFacts: Someone who becomes angry easily, over silly things- subconsciously desires to be loved.
@MssRaidah Here i am
RT @TheGoldenMirror: Don't compare your progress to that of others. We all need our own time to travel our own distance.
When I Learnt To Wipe My
 Tears I Got A Shoulder To
 Cry On.. And,
 When I Found The Art Of
 Hating Someone.. Someone
 Started Loving Me..!
I Hide All My Problems
 Behind My Smile.. Behind
 My Smile Is A World Of Pain..
 U Think U Know Me..
 But,
 U Have No Idea..!
When A Boy Calls U Cute,
 He Likes Ur Face..
 When He Calls U Hot,
 He Likes Ur Body..
 When He Calls U Beautiful,
 He Likes Ur Heart..!
Find Someone Who Is Proud
 To Have yu.. Scared To
 Lose You.. Fight For You..
 Appreciates You..
 Respects You.. Care For
 You And Loves u..
The Real Lover Is The
 Man Who Can Thrill You
 By Kissing Your Forehead
 Or Smiling Into Your Eyes
 Or Just Staring Into Space.
Remember, By Impressing
 People U Can Make Them To
 Like U.. But, To Make Them
 Love U, The Only Way Is
 Showing Truely Who U Are..!
Greatest Fact:
 Everyone Might Not Be
 A Poet At The Beginning
 Of Love.. But,
 Everyone Surely Becomes
 Philospher At The End Of Love!
A Girl Doznt Nid 2 Tel
 U Hw She Feels..?
 Its All Written In Her Eyez..
 If U Can Read Her Silent Eyez..
 U Definately Deserve Her Heart..!
Dont Hate Ur Loved Ones For
 Their Mistakes..
 Who Knows, The Mistake Made
 May Be For Ur Happines To
 Show Their True Love..!
A Loved One Is Not The
 Person Who Understands
 Your Happiness. But,
 Is The Person
 Who Can Guess Your Sadness
 Before Your Eyes Feel
The Happiest Personality
 For Ur Birthday Is Ur
 Mother.. Who Loved To
 Own Pain To Have U In Her
 Life.. Always Love Her..!
Big Truth:
 The More U Try To Hate A
 Person, More U Love Them..
 And,
 More U Go Away From A
 Person, More Ur Heart
 Goes Near Them..!
We Dont Succeed In Our 1st
 Love.. Bcoz,
 We Lack Certain Qualities..
 But,
 After Achieving Those Qualities..
 We Never Love Again..!
Real Love Iz Not Based Upon
 Romance Candle Light Dinner
 And Walk Along Beach
 Infact Itz Based On Care
 Compromise Respect And Trust.
Love Knows No Reason,
 Knows No Time.. It Has
 A Sole Intention Of
 Bringing People Together
 To A Time Called Forever!
Between Ten People, Nine
 Maybe In Love With You,
 But, You'll Fall In
 Love Exactly For That
 One Who Doesn't Love You!
Love Does Not Need Powerful
 Eyes, Cute Voice And Lovely
 Face, It Always Needs A
 Beautiful Responsible Heart
 With Affection Forever..!!
Love Someone.. Not Because,
 They Give You What You
 Need.. But, Because They
 Give You Feelings You
 Never Thought You Needed.
RT @MostSecretFacts: Men are more emotionally affected by relationship troubles than women! Men just do a better job of hiding it.
@xeemty  السَّلاَمُ عَلَيْكُمْ وَرَحْمَةُ اللهِ
@Pharteeyflashh hi
RT @_LsDee: Such A Great Man "@106andpark: "We not going to do to them what they did us." - Nelson Mandela #RIPNelsonMandela"
RT @TheRealMikeEpps: To live to be 95 years old after all the pain mentally &amp; physically he went through to make life easier for others=Her…
RT @SportsCenter: In 2004, Nelson Mandela had an unforgettable reaction when South Africa secured rights to host the 2010 World Cup. http:/…
RT @AJEnglish: In-depth coverage after the passing of iconic South African leader Nelson Mandela | http://t.co/mRC3pueW8t #Mandela
RT @AJEnglish: In-depth coverage after the passing of iconic South African leader Nelson Mandela | http://t.co/mRC3pueW8t #Mandela
RT @AJEnglish: In Pictures: Nelson Mandela's legacy http://t.co/QNO6DMhvp5
@106andpark completely true
RT @BillGates: Every time Melinda and I met Nelson Mandela, we left more inspired than ever. His grace and courage changed the world. This …
@meelah27 Are you new on twitter?
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.
Attention to health is life greatest hindrance.
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.
Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence.
You may delay, but time will not.
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
We make war that we may live in peace.
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.
RT @Chydee: So many people actually believe Dangote is NOT the richest man in Nigeria. Wow. U people think 20billion dollars is a joke abi?
@Maryam18th When am not you
Some people lie without thinking twice about it...Fake friends!
#HalaMadrid another win tonight
RT @AJEnglish: Sport:  Bale hat-trick helps Real Madrid near summit http://t.co/ghVxQYvjzW
RT @TheGoldenMirror: It's in our nature to work together. We create most of our own suffering by working against each other.
@ummeee_17055 Kindly follow back"
RT @quotedojo: "Intellectual brilliance is no guarantee against being dead wrong." - David Fasold. http://t.co/uH2lWQno4y
Keep dreaming if you are lucky you will wake up from your dream sooner, and if you ain't lucky you may never wake up from it.
RT @ummeee_17055: If school isn’t a place to sleep then home isn’t a place to study."
RT @ummeee_17055: Said-“changes is the law of life,and those who look only to the past are certain to Miss the future.
Real love vs fake love
لاَ هَوْلَ وَلاَ قُوَّتَ اِلاَّبِاللّه
It doesn't matter whether you are rich or poor,,, "DEATH" will only knock on your door just once not twice.
Congratulations Gareth Bale!!! First La Liga Hatrick against Valladolid ~ HALA MADRID!
RT @Saka_Stic: U don't have a job nor rich parents yet u use a BB10, iPad4 &amp; iPhone5. Stop Prayin 4 a Miracle pls. U're already Performin W…
RT @Saka_Stic: Some slaps can actually put you in 3D mode: DEAF, DUMB and DAFT.
RT @Saka_Stic: Beauty without Intelligence is Cosmetic Stupidity
RT @Saka_Stic: U'll never appreciate the beauty of ur house-maid until ur wife travels for more than 2weeks.
RT @Saka_Stic: Some people are like phone batteries. They will be with u d whole time but will disappear when u need them d most.
RT @Saka_Stic: Coca-Cola sold ONLY 9 bottles/day in its 1st yr. Today it's d biggest brand on earth &amp; sells 1.8 Billion bottles daily. DON'…
RT @Saka_Stic: Before u finish reading this sentence, Bill Gates would have made another $2000. Do the math! BE INSPIRED!!
RT @Saka_Stic: Increase in Height = Growing Up • Increase in Reasoning = Maturity
RT @Saka_Stic: I want to be the reason u look down at ur phone and smile. Just before u walk into a NEPA pole. ☺
RT @Saka_Stic: ASUU ANTHEM: 4months don waka, we still dey carry go, Students don waka, Lecturers go solo, Fed' Govt o, una dey craze o...w…
RT @Saka_Stic: The way some dogs bark ehn, u don't need a prophet to tell u that its owner is suffering from serious poverty
RT @Saka_Stic: I wonder what my Christmas Chicken is doing right now ...
RT @Saka_Stic: BREAKING NEWS: Agbalumo is Out!!!!
RT @Saka_Stic: How can u ask her to break up with Dangote's son just because he cheated? Don't u know that love is all about forgiveness?
RT @Saka_Stic: Catching flowers at weddings does NOT make u d next bride. My neighbor has caught 13 already &amp; she doesn't even have a BF
@Questionnier Connectivity
RT @iam_wizkid1: Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. RT if you A…
RT @quotedojo: Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. ~Albert Einstein
RT @quotedojo: They can expect nothing but their labour for their pains. ~Miguel de Cervantes
RT @quotedojo: Love all love of other sights controls, And makes one little room an everywhere. ~John Donne
At home doing nothing but watching movies
@Chereeish  السَّلاَمُ عَلَيْكُمْ وَرَحْمَةُ اللهِ
@mams_10928 Hi
RT @TheGoldenMirror: We become prisoners inside our own minds when we lock our feeling away with what we think and believe.
Love your enemies it will make them go crazy
@Chereeish  السَّلاَمُ عَلَيْكُمْ وَرَحْمَةُ اللهِ
Allah is my CEO
"A slip of the foot you may soon recover, but a slip of the tongue you may never get over"
"Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish"
"Everytime you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing"
Progress and continuity we seek, oh Lord'
"@Chereeish: Welcome"@n____d33ny: The boy is back""@Chereeish thank you
The boy is back
I hate mondays
RT @quotedojo: What comes from the heart goes to the heart. ~Samuel Taylor Coleridge
What's up people?
Alhamdulillahi lazhii at'amanah wasakana waja'alna muslimeen
My life my burden
Just posted a photo http://t.co/P8Dmpo0mRs
Just posted a photo http://t.co/bNfPIe2jSX
Just posted a photo http://t.co/TyvYuj9lXk
Luka Modric...HALA MADRID!!! http://t.co/aeM79Tsp1D
Xabi Alonso...HALA MADRID!!! http://t.co/pj0bybvVAB
Karim Benzema...HALA MADRID!!! http://t.co/PpqkH90BYK
Marcelo Vieira...HALA MADRID!!! http://t.co/x2z5bGnrqS
Angel Di Maria...HALA MADRID!!! http://t.co/cFgBGyzcbo
CR7...HALA MADRID!!! http://t.co/UeowawioQf
Another Legend in the making...HALA MADRID!!! http://t.co/9dqNB1F0Fj
RT @TheGoldenMirror: Don't mistake a longing of the body for a longing of the heart.
RT @MostSecretFacts: A gelotologist is a person who studies laughter.
RT @MostSecretFacts: People will hate you, rate you, break you, and shake you. How strong you stand is what makes you.
RT @quotedojo: An Englishman thinks he is moral when he is only uncomfortable. ~George Bernard Shaw
RT @MostSecretFacts: If guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars make people drive drunk, and spoons make people fat.
RT @quotedojo: "How much easier it is to be generous than just Men are sometimes bountiful who are not honest." - Junius… http://t.co/EBIfj…
Ice Prince. . .Mah best Naija Artist. http://t.co/1oBs6OVChU
Just posted a photo http://t.co/OY01WSPF6Q
RT @Saka_Stic: I swear I'm tired of Ibadan. The bike man wasn't even joking when he told me he wanted to park and finish his roasted corn.
@donbellzy okay!
@donbellzy fine...where are you?
@donbellzy my oga, how re u doin?
Allahu Akhbar! http://t.co/W88i1vNxCi
CR7 first season goal. Keep scoring C'boy...HALA MADRID! http://t.co/WlVYxcdezq
Another world record signing...HALA MADRID! http://t.co/tK9Tm2RqZQ
Hmmmn! Is it real? http://t.co/q09TKrFRWR
RT @AJEnglish: "Every 15 seconds a Syrian becomes a refugee" Watch more on @AJInsideStory  http://t.co/FgRbsTeA1J
RT @BarclaysLeague: Rooney reveals head injury: England forward Wayne Rooney has posted a picture online of the head injury that h... http:…
RT @oneseed: Linda Carswell Waits 10 Years For Hospital To Return Dead Husband's Heart http://t.co/ZwmwYU6Lzs StrangeNews
@donbellzy report!
RT @atiku: Here are my thoughts on #PostOilNigeria (http://t.co/ahRIrDJs25) Please send questions/comments and I will answer them. Thanks.
The promise given was a necessity of the past: the word broken is a necessity of the present.
Author: Niccolo Machiavelli
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
Author: Abdul Kalam
People who work together will win, whether it be against complex football defenses, or the problems of modern society.
Author: Vince L.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
Author: John F. Kennedy
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance.
Author: Oscar Wilde
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Author: Dalai Lama
Hw re u doin tonyt
@babysu94 hi
Check out Islamic Quote and Sayings App for Android! The most comprehensive source for Islamic hadith, sayings, and quotes.
CR7 http://t.co/W8DgFudljf
“If you can’t make it better,
you can laugh at it.”
“Most human beings have an absolute
and infinite capacity
for taking things for granted.”
“He who seeks more than he needs
hinders himself from enjoying what he has.”
“We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit”
“To know when to go away and when to come closer
is the key to any lasting relationship.”
“Accomplishing the impossible
means only that the boss
will add it to your regular duties.”
“Every burned book 
enlightens the world.”
RT @AJEnglish: Video: US urges Russia to send Snowden back http://t.co/tvIUig2YNi
RT @AJEnglish: On @AJStream: Will #Australia's standing in the world diminish as a result of its policy to turn away boat refugees? http://…
RT @deenhigh: Salam! Please Follow @islamforalnas for benficial Tweets that will get you thinking InShāAllāh! JazākhAllāhu Khairan!
RT @AJEnglish: Pakistani court rejects Imran Khan apology http://t.co/VLGtsK2IBK
“A goal is a dream with a deadline.”
“Life is mostly froth and bubble,
Two things stand like stone,
Kindness in another’s trouble,
Courage in your own.”
“Faith is putting all your eggs in God’s basket,
then counting your blessings before they hatch.”
“Anger is the enemy of non-violence
and pride is a monster that swallows it up.”
“Along with success
comes a reputation for wisdom.”
“The years in your life
are less important
than the life in your years.”
“I was trying to daydream,
but my mind kept wandering.”
“He is richest who is content with the least,
for content is the wealth of nature.”
“A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.”
“Nothing changes until you change. ”
“The more you find out about the world,
the more opportunities there are to laugh at it.”
”Don’t follow in my footsteps,
I think I stepped in something.”
“Flattery is from the teeth out.
Sincere appreciation
is from the heart out.”
“And in the end
it’s not the years in your life that count.
It’s the life in your years.”
“They who dream by day
are cognizant of many things
which escape those
who dream only by night.”
“Heaven lent you a soul
Earth will lend a grave.”
“Avoid the crowd.
Do your own thinking independently.
Be the chess player, not the chess piece.”
“You are braver than you believe,
stronger than you seem,
smarter than you think,
and loved more than you know.”
“There are sadistic scientists
who hurry to hunt down errors
instead of establishing the truth.”
“Fear is a disease
that eats away at logic
and makes man inhuman.”
“The actions of men
are the best interpreters of their thoughts”
“Don’t handicap your children
by making their lives easy.”
“Speak when you are angry
and you will make the best speech
you will ever regret.”
http://t.co/0Yvh3DEgUh
Antarctica is the only land on our planet that is not owned by any country.
RT @deenhigh: The description of paradise, subhanAllah. This is such an imaan boost http://t.co/OqZ4LTH2Lg
“The life I’m living
is the life I’m given.”
“People who want to share their religious views with you
almost never want you to share yours with them.”
“Remind yourself:
You can only deal with the present moment.
Everything else is a memory, a hope or a fear.”
“There are in nature
neither rewards nor punishments,
there are consequences.”
@donbellzy How yhu dey? Barka da asubah!
@iHateBri hi! My kik name is ndeeny_44
“Death is for many of us the gate of hell;
but we are inside on the way out,
not outside on the way in.”
“When you meet a man,
you judge him by his clothes;
when you leave,
you judge him by his heart.”
“Take time for all things:
great haste makes great waste.”
“Any fool can make a rule,
and any fool will mind it.”
“You cannot hav a proud nd chivalrous spirit
if your conduct is mean and paltry;
for whatever a man’s actions are,
such must be his spirit.”
“Every exit is an entry somewhere.”
“The direct use of force
is such a poor solution to any problem,
it is generally employed
only by small children and large nations.”
“The fear of becoming a ‘has-been’
keeps some people from becoming anything.”
“There are in nature
neither rewards nor punishments,
there are consequences.”
“Feeling gratitude and not expressing it
is like wrapping a present and not giving it.”
“You must be willing to do the things today
others don’t do
in order to have the things tomorrow
others won’t have.”
“Trust in dreams, for in them
is hidden the gate to eternity.”
“It’s a helluva start,
being able to recognize what makes you happy.”
“To succeed in business, to reach the top,
an individual must know all it is possible
to know about that business”
“When we seek to discover the best in others,
we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.”
“A day without laughter is a day wasted.”
“Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence.”
“Familiarity with danger
makes a brave man braver
but less daring”
“Who you are is a necessary step
to being who you will be.”
“Your vision will become clear
only when you look into your heart.
Who looks outside, dreams.
Who looks inside, awakens.”
“The road to success is dotted
with many tempting parking places.”
I thought how unpleasant it is to be locked out;
and I thought how it is worse,
perhaps, to be locked in.
“Respecting yourself means
showing others what’s in your heart,
respecting others means
listening to what’s in theirs.”
Imagination is stronger than knowledge.
Dreams are more powerful than facts.
And love is stronger than death.”
“If you always do what interests you,
at least one person is pleased.”
“Win without boasting.
Lose without excuse.”
“A handful of patience
is worth more
than a bushel of brains.”
“Open your eyes look within.
Are you happy with the life you’re living?”
“Imagination is the eye of the soul.”
“I shall not waste my days
in trying to prolong them.”
“Learn from yesterday,
live for today,
hope for tomorrow.”
“In dreams begins responsibility.”
“Sometimes I feel like a figment of my own imagination”
“Rather than love,
than money,than fame,
give me truth.”
“I believe in luck:
How else can one explain
the success of those you dislike?”
“Everyone who is successful
must have dreamed of something.”
“We don’t live in a world of reality,
we live in a world of perceptions.”
“It is preoccupation with possession,
more than anything else,
that prevents men from living
freely and nobly.”
“Regret is an appalling waste of energy;
you can’t build on it;
it’s only good for wallowing in.”
“A human being has a natural desire
to have more of a good thing than he needs.”
“Quotation is the act of repeating
erroneously the words of another.”
“l do desire we be better strangers”
“Resentment is like taking poison
and waiting for the other person to die.”
He that cannot reason is a fool.
He that will not is a bigot.
He that dare not is a slave.
“To accomplish great things,
we must dream as well as act.”
“For what is it to die
but to stand naked in the wind
and to melt into the sun?”
“It ain’t what they call you,
it’s what you answer to.”
“One man's ceiling is another mans floor”
“Aerodynamically
the bumblebee shouldn’t be able to fly,
but the bumblebee doesn’t know that
so it goes on flying anyway.”
“The happy think a lifetime short,
but to the unhappy
one night can be an eternity.”
“The measure of a man
is the way he bears up under misfortune.”
“Here is my first principle of foreign policy:
good government at home.”
“The scars you acquire while exercising courage
will never make you feel inferior.”
“If my soldiers were to begin to think,
not one would remain in the ranks.”
“Marriage
A book of which the first chapter is written in poetry,
and the remaining chapters written in prose.”
“Riches do not consist
in the possession of treasures,
but in the use made of them.”
“Heaven lent you a soul
Earth will lend a grave.”
“The greatest of faults, I should say,
is to be conscious of none.”
“This is the final test of a gentleman:
his respect for those who can be
of no possible service to him.”
RT @Wicked_Winsh: "@TheQuestionerr_: RT if you miss Ramadan."
“A house is not a home unless
it contains food and fire for the mind
as well as the body.”
“Doing what you like is freedom. 
Liking what you do is happiness.”
“To say nothing,
especially when speaking,
is half the art of diplomacy.”
“I have a theory
that the truth is never told
during the nine-to-five hours.”
“This is the final test of a gentleman:
his respect for those who can be
of no possible service to him.”
“U don’t understand women,
but U still like them.”
“Keep the other person’s well being in mind
when you feel an attack
of soul-purging truth coming on.”
“Regard Heaven as your father,
Earth as your Mother
and all things
as your Brothers and Sisters.”
“Strive not to be a success,
but rather to be of value.”
“You only live once,
but if you do it right,
once is enough.”
“You can discover more about a person
in an hour of play
than in a year of conversation.”
“A myth is a religion in which
no one any longer believes.”
“Twenty years from now
you will be more disappointed
by the things that you didn’t do
than by the ones you did do.”
“Sweet is true love that is given in vain,
and sweet is death that takes away pain.”
“A good marriage
is one which allows for change
and growth in the individuals
and in the way they express their love.”
“If you don’t get everything you want,
think of the things you don’t get
that you don’t want.”
“Every man has his own courage,
and is betrayed
because he seeks in himself
the courage of other persons.”
“No party has a monopoly on wisdom.
No democracy works without compromise.”
“We turn not older with years,
but newer every day.”
“No man ever made a great discovery
without the exercise of the imagination.”
“When you relinquish the desire
to control your future,
you can have more happiness.”
“Live simply that others might simply live.”
“The truth that makes men free
is for the most part the truth
which men prefer not to hear.”
“It’s not the size of the dog in the fight
it’s the size of the fight in the dog.”
“Doing what you like is freedom. 
Liking what you do is happiness.”
@BigSpiderMan442 hope ur okay
“Give a man a fish
and he has food for a day;
teach him how to fish
and you can get rid of him
for the entire weekend.”
I miss all of 'em...includin yhu bro.
“What a cruel thing war is…
to fill our hearts with hatred
instead of love for our neighbors.”
“Be faithful in small things because
it is in them that your strength lies.”
“If you see someone without a smile,
give them yours!”
“Forgiveness is the fragrance the violet sheds
on the heel that has crushed it.”
“Courage is grace under pressure.”
“Books re the quietest nd most constant of friends;
they re the most accessible and wisest of counselors,
and the most patient of teachers.”
“Don’t go around saying
the world owes you a living.
The world owes you nothing.
It was here first.”
“A strong man stands up for himself,
a stronger man stands up for others.”
“Friendship is always a sweet responsibility;
never an opportunity.”
“The old days were the old days.
And they were great days.
But now is now.”
“The superior man seeks what is right;
the inferior one, what is profitable.”
“I have a simple philosophy:
Fill what’s empty.
Empty what’s full.
Scratch where it itches.”
“Good manners will open doors
that the best education cannot.”
“Some cause happiness wherever they go;
others whenever they go”
“If you want to succeed
you should strike out on new paths,
rather than travel
the worn paths of accepted success.”
“Listen,
or your tongue will make you deaf.”
“Happiness is the only good.
The time to be happy is now.
The place to be happy is here.
The way to be happy is to make others so.”
“An early-morning walk
is a blessing for the whole day.”
“Man is least himself
when he talks in his own person.
Give him a mask,
and he will tell you the truth.”
“Injustice anywhere
is a threat to justice everywhere.
@BigSpiderMan442 hope ur okay
@BigSpiderMan442 cant remember tellin u somthn is wrong wit me
Add me on @Kik: ndeeny_44 http://t.co/CjmYSW050C
RT @_iSwanky: "@itsTyga_YMCMB: Relationships end because once the person has u, they stop doing the things it took to get u"yehh,dtz true :)
“Love one another,
but make not a bond of love:
Let it rather be a moving sea
between the shores of your souls.”
“Why do we kill people who kill people
to teach them that killing people is wrong?”
“Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself,
but talent instantly recognizes genius.”
“Shared joy is a double joy;
shared sorrow is half a sorrow.”
“Now and then it’s good to pause
in our pursuit of happiness
and just be happy.”
“Do not pray when it is raining
if you do not pray when the sun is shining.”
“Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts.”
“There’s a difference between beauty and charm.
A beautiful woman is one I notice.
A charming woman is one who notices me.”
“No act of kindness,
no matter how small,
is ever wasted.”
“Constantly choosing the lesser of two evils
is still choosing evil.”
“A cat may go to a monastery,
but she still remains a cat”
“Even if you are on the right track,
you’ll get run over if you just sit there.”
“To get the rainbow,
you’ve gotta put up with the rain.”
“What if nothing exists
and we’re all in somebody’s dream?”
“Faith is daring the soul
to go beyond what the eyes can see.”
“If it troubles us it must be that
we find the trouble in ourselves.”
“Every religion is good
that teaches man to be good;
and I know of none
that instructs him to be bad.”
“Most sermons sound to me like commercials
but I can’t make out whether God
is the Sponsor or the Product.”
“We kill all the caterpillars
and complain that there are no butterflies.”
“Don’t take yourself so seriously.
No one else does.”
“The present was an egg laid by the past
that had the future inside its shell.”
“Pure and simple,
any person who is enjoying life
is a success.”
“I find television very educating.
Every time somebody turns on the set,
I go into the other room and read a book.”
“We can only appreciate the miracle of a sunrise
if we have waited in the darkness”
“In all things it is better
to hope than to despair.”
“Human behavior
flows from three main sources:
desire, emotion, and knowledge.” I
“An eye for an eye
only ends up making the whole world blind.”
“It’s hard to detect good luck
it looks so much like something you’ve earned.”
“Remember that wherever your heart is
there you will find your treasure.”
“Be moderate
in order to taste the joys of life
in abundance.”
“The reward of a thing well done,
is to have done it.”
“The fear of death follows from the fear of life.
A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.”
“I love you not only for what you are,
but for what I am when I am with you.”
“We are not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic.
Different people,different beliefs,different yearnings,
different hopes, different dreams.
“If you have time to whine and complain about something,
then you have the time to do something about it.”
“People of accomplishment rarely sat back
and let things happen to them.
They went out and happened to things.”
“I ask not for a lighter burden,
but for broader shoulders.”
“If you never thank God after every smile,
then you have no right to blame him for every tear”
“Vision is not enough,
it must be combined with venture.
It is not enough to stare up the steps,
we must step up the stairs.”
“I would rather regret
the things that I have done
than the things that I have not.”
“The only real mistake
is the one from which we learn nothing.”
“The reward for conformity was
that everyone liked you except yourself.”
“We make a living by what we get,
but we make a life by what we give.”
“The question isn’t who is going to let me;
it’s who is going to stop me.”
“The best and most beautiful things in the world
cannot be seen or even touched
they must be felt with the heart.”
“Control your own destiny
or someone else will.”
“All wish to possess knowledge,
but few,
comparatively speaking,
are willing to pay the price.”
“Friendship is the melody
and fragrance of life.”
Religion is regarded
by the common people as true,
by the wise as false,
and by rulers as useful.
“Don’t be pushed by your problems.
Be led by your dreams.”
“A person often meets his destiny
on the road he took to avoid it.”
“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”
“Nothing is impossible;
the word itself says I’m possible!”
“From my rotting body, flowers shall grow
and I am in them and that is eternity.”
“I’m a great believer in luck
and I find the harder I work,
the more I have of it.”
“Never mistake motion for action.”
“What lies behind us
and what lies before us
are small matters compared to
what lies within us.”
“Do not trouble yourself much to get new things,
whether clothes or friends…
Sell your clothes and keep your thoughts.”
There is more logic in humor than in anything else.
Because, you see, humor is truth.”
It is not economical
to go to bed early to save the candles
if the result is twins.
“Be always at war with your vices,
at peace with your neighbors,
and let each new year
find you a better man.”
What soap is to the body,
laughter is to the soul.
“We keep moving forward,
opening new doors, and doing new things,
because we’re curious
and curiosity leads us down new paths.”
“You cannot do a kindness too soon,
for you never know how soon it will be too late.”
“A word to the wise ain’t necessary,
it’s the stupid ones who need the advice.”
“Intuition
is a suspension of logic
due to impatience.”
“God has given you one face,
and you make yourself another.”
“Knowing is not enough;
we must apply.
Willing is not enough;
we must do.”
“Men are like steel.
when they lose their temper,
they lose their worth.”
RT @quotedojo: If you would be loved, love and be lovable. ~Benjamin Franklin
RT @AJEnglish: Report says 220,000 died in Colombia conflict http://t.co/gqSFjlh9oR
@Usman_Capuci
RT @quotedojo: Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. ~Elbert Hubbard
RT @quotedojo: The man who has no imagination has no wings. ~Muhammad Ali
RT @D2DLondon: What worries you, masters you. ~John Locke #D2D_Quote
@Usman_Capuci how re u doin dis morn'n dude
RT @quotedojo: It is not the answer that enlightens, but the question. ~Eugene Ionesco
Good morning people...
“A man travels the world over
in search of what he needs,
and returns home to find it.”
“Between the optimist and the pessimist,
the difference is droll.
The optimist sees the doughnut;
the pessimist the hole!”
“A life spent making mistakes
is not only more honorable,
but more useful than a life
spent doing nothing.”
“Try to learn something about everything
and everything about something.”
“Anybody can do anything
that he imagines.”
“When you encounter seemingly good advice
that contradicts other seemingly good advice,
ignore them both.”
“Love is a fruit in season at all times,
and in reach of every hand.”
“I personally think we developed language
because of our deep need to complain.”
“The best way to appreciate your job
is to imagine yourself without one.”
“Civilization will not attain to its perfection
until the last stone from the last church
falls on the last priest.”
“You know you’re in love
when you can’t fall asleep
because reality is finally better
than your dreams.”
“Many an opportunity is lost
because a man is out looking for four leaf clovers.”
“Any idiot can face a crisis
it’s day to day living that wears you out.”
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning,
but anyone can start today and make a new ending.”
“One moment of patience
may ward off great disaster.
One moment of impatience
may ruin a whole life.”
