genuinesunshine
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1164426827/sunshine1_400x400.png
Anyone can call you by your name, but there's always that one person who can make it sound completely different &lt;3
you this read wrong
Revenge is sweeter than you ever were
@hayleediekema So young, and full of running, all the way to the edge of desire.
Next to you is where I always want to be.
You can't rely on other people to make you happy.
It's nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice.
"You know how sometimes you wake up & just know it's going to be a good day?Yea, that's what it's like waking up next to you"-@hayleediekema
Today is the perfect day, for a perfect day.
Nobody is perfect, until you fall in love with them.
I know the world is big, but not big enough to make anything impossible for me
The goal isn't to live forever, it's to create something that will.
I hate you, then I love you. It's like throwing you off a cliff, but then running to the bottom to catch you.
Ever noticed how "What the hell" is always the right answer? - Marilyn Monroe
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you'll know where you stand.
Love me like the world is ending.
"...If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best." ― Marilyn Monroe
@hayleediekema I SAW YOU HIT THAT GUY IN THE FACE WITH A VB AND MAKE HIS NOSE BLEED TONIGHT HAHAHAH you rock.
If you love someone, just tell them! Or "like" a whole bunch of their stuff on Facebook in a short period of time... #Samething
One day I'll be a wife. 

Hopefully yours.
If you don't want anyone to find out, don't do it.
Dear Heart, please stop getting involved in everything. Your job is to pump blood, that's it.
Someday you'll wake up and realize how special she is. And she'll be waking up next to someone who already knew. ♥
It's really hard to make good choices when someone is everything you want, and everything you don't, at the same time.
Sometimes I feel like waiting for the right person in life is like waiting for a boat at the airport.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Seeing with the heart is infinitely more important than seeing with the eyes.
Love who loves you because they feed your love. Love who hates you because they need your love.♥
Never let anyone convince you that you're anything less than good enough.
If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
RT @hayleediekema: Judging someone does not define them as a person, it defines YOU as a person.
We have some history, but I'd like to think we have quite a future.
RT @ohteenquotes: ‎"I don't chase after anyone anymore. If you want to walk out my life I'll hold the fucking door open for you." #ohtee ...
Thanks for showing me who you truly are, you will realize what you just lost.
Your laughter is one of my favorite noises
I miss you more then I should and more then I'd like to admit.
You're the only one I need
It was always you.
I'd steal the Mona Lisa, but I know I wouldn't keep her, cause I wake up next to you everyday.
every relationship have eyes that won't cry, lips that won't lie and love that won't die
Maybe it sounds cliche, but I just want to know you feel the same way.
RT @hayleediekema: Turn on every light in New York City, I'd still be blind if you weren't with me.
It's hard to pretend I'm not always thinking of you.
If we jumped, we could fall, in love.
I've never loved anything like I love you.
It's hard to pretend I'm not always thinking of you.
Dear brain, please just let me stop thinking of him for one second. I'd appreciate it a lot.
I don't want to be just friends
@hayleediekema where do you go when you totally disappear from all communication for a few days every week hahah
& I promise you this, you're gonna miss me. As long as you live, you're gonna miss me.
@hayleediekema yesyes
you cant control what the heart wants.
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Be kinder than necessary, for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle
The summer breeze is all we need to sweep us up  and off our feet.
Mind on a permanent vacation, the ocean is my only medication.
I got 99 problems and they all bitches.
I'll never let your head hit the bed without my hand behind it.
Simply enough, i need you.
There's a million things to think about, but still all I think about is you, and there's nothing I can seem to do about that.
Am I invisible to you, or what?
If they don't chase you when you walk away, keep walking.
Keep your head up & let your hair down. Everything's going to be just fine.
I wish I had the nerves to tell you how I feel.
Sometimes it seems like you build me up, just to break me down.
'Cause my heart stops without you, there's something about you
i like you, when you like you
You're always on my mind... Luckily there's nothing else I'd rather think about?
I'd do anything for you, but you'll never be mine.
Love is a game that two can play, and both can win.
That awkward moment you accidently hit the like button when Facebook stalking.
The way you make me feel isn't possible to put into words.
You said all you needed to by saying nothing at all
Just because you said your sorry doesn't mean my heart is magically fixed.
Always listen to your heart, because even though it's on your left, it's always right.
Never forget what someone says when they're angry, because that's when the truth comes out.
the more you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall for them.
Sometimes the truth hurts more than lies.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
I'll pretend that I'm kissing the lips that I'm missing, and send all my loving to you.
It's always been you.
You make the bad times good, and the good times  unforgettable.
RT @ItsThingsInLife: Don't be reckless with other people's hearts, don't put up with those who are reckless with yours. #ItsThingsInLife
Life is what you make it, go and make it everything you've ever wanted & more.
@peachyfine07 awhah that makes me smile :)
RT @hayleediekema: There are many things in life that will catch your eye, but only a few will catch your heart. Go after those. 
What you need and deserve is someone who adores you for you. Someone who doesn't see you as a project, but a prize.
It's not easy to be this complicated
I can't imagine my future without you
There's not a second I don't wish you were here.
I'm sure about a lot of things, but most of all I'm sure about you.
Boy you put me on the spot, I don't know what to say, But I'm trying anyway
Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty
@210superman So true.
RT @dancyquotes: You aren't in my mind, but you are in my heart ♥ #dancyquotes
@itsjnfr I don't know you, but if you want to talk just send me a DM :)
Make each day as beautiful as it's meant to be.
Life's to short to sit and pout.
I wish you didn't live so dang far away, because if you were here, it'd be the best day of my life everyday.
No matter how many miles, I'll always feel this way about you.
I would give it all to not be sleeping alone.
There's no such thing as too much love.
If someone says your not good enough, truth is, they're probably the one that's not good enough.
Forever isn't a word you can just throw around, especially when you're talking about love.
True friends are people who believe in you, even when you don't even believe in yourself. #genuinesunshine
RT @WishfulSayings: Life is full of fake people. Before you decide to judge them, make sure you're not one of them.
You had a piece of my heart, but not enough to just go running away.
Drunk off of nothing but each other, until the sunrise. http://me.lt/3T8qJI &lt; Seriously I love this Kesha song, so different from her others
If you care about something enough, you'll find a way. If not, you'll find an excuse. 
They say that love hurts, well this could almost kills me. Young love murdered, that is what this must be.
We'll lay together 'til the morning, have breakfast in bed, chase me in my PJs, and kiss me on my head. I'd really like to love you.
I don't want just a little, I want all of you.
Every minute we're together, it's a dream.
Just because something doesn't last forever doesn't mean it wasn't worth your while
Draw lines on the side of the door show tall Ive gotten in a year,now I draw lines on the walls to count how many days since youve been here
Every time I see your smile, it makes my heart beat fast.
I have you here, and I swear that that's enough
I'm sorta kinda blushing, feelin' weak in the knees, butterflies when I see you, long goodbyes when you leave
Every minute we're together it's a dream
I wish you weren't so far away, but I promise no number of miles will keep my heart away from you.
@quoterific follow me? (:
Life's not about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
@ohhxitsxerica then paint them more than one color (;
You're worth more to me than all the money I'll ever make in my lifetime.
Don't lose yourself in the crowd. Be yourself. Never fall to judgement. You and beautiful and great in so many ways.
When you miss me, you'll find me right by the phone
When I picture my future, my only constant is you.
There's never a right time to say goodbye.
You're the sun to my world. 
We could spend each night under the star light
@iloveSj861117sj Great! how are you ?
The flavor of your lips is stuck in my mind. 
You look like the songs that I've heard my whole life, coming true. 
I'd cross the whole world for someone like you
Always be true to yourself
To b beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself. 
I'd do anything to make you smile
Its not a i-cant-imagine-my-life-without-you kind of thing, it's a i-can-imagine-my-life-without-you&dont-want-it to-be-that-way kinda thing
I'm really going to miss that smile of yours.
I'd do anything for you, but you'll never be mine. 
I'm not going a place without your heart. 
I see your blue eyes every time I close mine
I don't want to be just friends
@hay7ee life is beautiful. never forget that. focus on the positives.
You make my heart beat faster than it should.
RT @hayleediekema: If you care about something enough, you'll find a way. If not, you'll find an excuse. 
When I'm with you, I forget all the bad things in my life and am so grateful for every second I'm lucky enough to spend with you.
#FF @doOody1994 @hayleediekema @lisapatb @solidgold509 @yourwordisbond @life_as_kelsey @Misssusanamarie @tiadoriox
My happiness is the perfect revenge. 
All I got from you, is nothing to lose.
Who want's to be in my #FF? :) 
RT @izahbarja "I don't hate you for not loving me anymore, I hate myself for still loving you."
@tiadoriox0 I hate that too! It's like.. resjkdjfwelk.. well  frustrating. To say the least. Lol. 
Something I'd never get sick of? Waking up next to you. 
You brighten up my life more than the sunshine itself. 
I miss the sound of your voice
It's one thing to wish to be great, but it's another to expect it. 
Hey hey sunshine, you're so golden, let me feel you. Come on near me for awhile, so I can see your smile, it shines for a million miles. 
Oh your smile, it shines for miles.
I will never let you fall. 
I can't promise I can solve all your problems, but I can promise you won't have to go through them on your own. 
Forget the risk & take the fall. If it's meant to be, it's worth it all. 
Reguardless of what happens, your smile still makes my heart melt. 
Another heart broken, another lesson learned.
In case u were wondering u are like a hurricane to me. Ur violence is beautiful, ur center is sweet &u can change my entire world so easily.
You're the type that'll make me fall.
Give me your heart, that's the only thing I need
I can think, I can dream of you, and it comes off lyrical, but you stole the show.
Lets just pack up and leave this whole town behind. 
@Solidgold509 cute!
Nothing could ever change my mind, I'll feel like this as long as I'm alive.
RT @hayleediekema: Never waste a second not being happy. (: 
You're my hometown hurricane, but the weathers better out here. 
Everything is second to your dreams.
Lovely followers, if you don't have the RockMelt you should get it! Makes tweeting so fun :) google it & DM if you need an invite!
@syiqinishak anytime girl :) 
There's nothing quite as good as waking up to the sight of your face. #genuinesunshine
Arrogant boy, love yourself so no one has to. I'm better off without you. I'll fall asleep fine without you. You can choke on your misery.
@syiqinishak It's also when you wake up at 2:30 and you gotta make sure it's not a dream because it seems too good to be true ;) :D
When I picture my future, you're always the one by my side. #genuinesunshine
RT @tricircle: Love is when you have a bad day but when you see him or her all the pain just goes away.
Just tell me what you need, and I'll be that for you. 
#ff @hayleediekema @tricircle @Lisapatb @MissSusanamarie @jamielameyyy @ilovesj861117sj @life_as_kelsey @yourwordisbond @xxTeenageLifexx
RT @hayleediekema: Once in awhile, I get swept away by your smile. (:
@MissSusanamarie :) Glad to hear!
"Always and forever, just me and you together." was just a fake you talking to me. 
Whenever you're next to me I've got to double check to make sure I'm not dreaming. &lt;3
@life_as_kelsey sure do girly :) 
@iloveSj861117sj hello :) 
Sometimes you make me forget how to breathe.
I thought you were the one, but to you I was no one.
@life_as_kelsey if you ask me, i say we deserve the best. &lt;3 we'll be just fine, everything just takes time :) 
Without you I'm like a heart without a home. I miss you when you're gone.
The way you can break a heart, is like a work of art.
I want to take a quick tweet to thank all my lovely followers for being the sweetest, love you all! &lt;3 
RT @FeelAboutTeen: Sometimes you just kiss someone & you know right then & there that's the person you want to kiss for the rest of your ...
@ErinMeredithh it's even worse when they even  know your name! lol
@tricircle :') thanks & thanks for being a great follower, that made me smile. 
@doOody1994 awh thanks, i will :) time will make it better &lt;33
dear tweethearts, I'm sorry if some of my tweets are a bit less upbeat than normal, but I tweet what I feel, and I just got my heart broken.
I want nothing more than to spend the rest of my time next to you.&lt;3
@jordan_hanna hope it comes out negative! I'll pray for you. (:
Something about you makes me weak. #genuinesunshine
Just tell me if I ever meant anything to you. You said I did but it wouldn't be the first lie you told me.
You broke my heart and you weren't even mine.
I wish you hadn't changed, at least not in this kind of way.
Everything is second to your dreams.
Take my last breath because I don't give a damn where you leave it.
'Cause baby, you've got everything that I've ever needed.
A love like mine, isn't something you'll come across too many times.
I never forgot to tell you that despite those things before you left, I love you, and that goes unsaid, but I just wanted to let you know.
You've got me wrapped around your finger so tight.
Listening to the song you wrote me on repeat, just so I can pretend you're singing me to sleep.
I'm the happiest I've ever been when I'm with you. #genuinesunshine
Just give me something, give me anything.
the minute you start talking about what youre going to do if you lose...youve already lost
I wish I would have bothered to tell you that you're my everything.
I want to be the only one callin' you baby
I wonder if I ever cross your mind..
My heart races at just the thought of you
sorry i havent been tweeting much loves! i'll step it up i swear!
i've never known one like you.
home is whenever i'm with you.
you're the only station on my heart radio
I tried to play it cool, but my cool is running hot.
Felt like a movie when you walked out slowly, stuck on repeat during the last scene.
As you move through my body like an ocean, it didn't take you long to get to my heart.
Think back to the summertime, and I will cross back through these state lines, you are always on my mine.
You're the gravity that holds me down.
im trippin on you like a heart attack. choking on every word, my tounge stumbling.
I'm a mess, I confess, I'm nothing without you.
I don't care where I am as long as I'm with you. #genuinesunshine
I'd rather be dreaming
I sang you fast asleep because you were my dream come true. Just please believe me when I say I truly do love you.
you never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
If love is just a game, I like the way we play. #genuinesunshine
Lets live it up with no regrets, 'cause baby you've got everything that I've ever needed.
I've gotta get down to the beat of your heart tonight.
Just show me you care.
I know we're far apart, but I hope you remember, I gave you my heart, and I don't want to take it back.
Never look back.
I don't wanna be anywhere else when I'm with you.
Why can't you see, the difference in the world that you've given me?
"My heart beats out of time when you're around, take me high"
@mikelightsout LOVE THE NEW SONG TO DEATH AHH .. new favorite song :D
Why are you always the only thing I can't get off my mind? #genuinesunshine
Everyone give @ImAnAwesomeTeen a follow, you won't regret it! :)
@lightsoutmi HOLY S#!@. your new song is amazing.
Your imperfections just make you more perfect for me.
You're the sweetest, the most amazing thing in my life. #genuinesunshine
Let's stay like this forever and chase our dreams together. #genuinesunshine
I hope you think it's worth it. I won't give up on you.
Just another sad goodbye
I want to be the only one in your dreams.
You are the one thing that I can't live without. #genuinesunshine
When I think of you, I don't feel so alone. #genuinesunshine
Just notice me already.
You take over my brain, quicker than a tidal wave, theres just no way to stop it..
Even when I close my eyes, I dream about you all the time. #genuinesunshine
I just can't get you off my mind, but why woul d I ever try? #genuinesunshine
Every time I see your smile, it makes my heart beat fast. #genuinesunshine
I must've done something right, to deserve you in my life. #genuinesunshine
Everytime I see your smile, it makes my heart beat fast. #genuinesunshine
Hello Universe, tell me your secrets. #hellouniverse @mygenuinefind
you're everything i ask, and so much more. #genuinesunshine
You've got a smile that can transform an evening. #genuinesunshine
You make me smile so much my cheeks hurt. #genuinesunshine
Tell me all the things you never said.
Not even this snow can bring me down, as long as you're around. #genuinesunshine
Those butterflies in my belly never stop when I'm around you. #genuinesunshine
Being around you makes my day, every day. #genuinesunshine
I don't need any presents, you're way sweeter than flowers and candy. #genuinesunshine
Your voice alone is so soothing. #genuinesunshine
@HannahJadeJ same girl! mondays are always the longest. ugh!
@Mandddie thats so cute! :)
Hope you all are valentines with that special someone you've got your heart set on! :) Happy Valentines all of you. xo!
Be my valentine, every year? (:
I wish my heart and mind could come to a final decision of what I really want. #genuinesunshine
I've never seen a smile that can light a room quite like yours. #genuinesunshine
Nothing seems to matter when I'm holding you. #genuinesunshine
Don't listen to the voices in your head, listen to your heart. #genuinesunshine
Right from the start, I knew I had to make you mine. #genuinesunshine
When I'm feeling down, you always find a way to turn things around. #genuinesunshine
It's just sad, cause you won't take my hand over your plans.
Everything is better with you at my side. &lt;3 #genuinesunshine
I'm the happiest I've ever been. #genuinesunshine
@iloveSj861117sj Michigan, how about you? it's okay :) Sorry mine took forever!
Everyone should follow the lovely @enyavegter! (:
I have you here and I swear that that's enough. #genuinesunshine
Only if you knew I spend all my nights thinking of you.
I really hope that I don't mess this up. You're already too good for me. #genuinesunshine
It's hard to focus in class when all I ever think about is you. #genuinesunshine
@iloveSj861117sj great how are you?
@Lisapatb Nooo :( No more snow. I'm all for the sunshine.
@iloveSj861117sj Goodmorning!!
$5 for $10 Worth of Sandwiches and Drinks at Subway -  http://t.co/Q3n41Pw via @groupon
The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best ofeverything; they just make the most of everything that comes theirway.
A love like mine, isn't something you'll come across too many times. #genuinesunshine
Anywhere with you is where I'd rather be. #genuinesunshine
You're as pretty as the sky is blue. #genuinesunshine
Lets see, I just cant decide what I like best about you, but I guess that's a good thing. #genuinesunshine
Thanks for reminding me, how it feels when somebody comes into your life and changes grey skies to blue. #genuinesunshine
If I had you here with me, it'd be the best day of my life everyday. #genuinesunshine
With you by my side, what can I complain about? #genuinesunshine
Never fall out of love.
You came into my life, now it revolves around you. I'm giving you the rest of my life. #genuinesunshine
You're slowly, but steadily, breaking my heart.
Be mine, lets run away together, you and I. We'll stay like this forever, and chase our dreams together. #genuinesunshine
Im in over my head in love, but I don't wanna be anywhere else. Its a million times better than I ever dreamed of, & I never wanna fall out.
I've truly known another like you, you were more than I wanted to find. #genuinesunshine
If you were a color, you'd be my favorite color. #genuinesunshine
sometimes it's better when things aren't perfect at least then you know they're real. #genuinesunshine
It's always been you. When I saw you I knew. (: #genuinesunshine
You're the best part of me. #genuinesunshine
Move your body close to mine, feel the rhythm and sing the rhyme, baby this is our time. #genuinesunshine
Everyday's a holiday when I'm with you. #genuinesunshine
You hold my attention without even trying. #genuinesunshine
Together can never be close enough for me to feel like I'm close enough to you. - Train
I knew you were my favorite, right from the start. #genuinesunshine
I always find my mind day dreaming about you. Wish you were here my dear.  #genuinesunshine
If this isn't love, then it sure is deceiving. #genuinesunshine
I don't think I could ever get sick of you. #genuinesunshine
I love that when we don't have a reason to talk to each other, we make one. #genuinesunshine
The words you and me have never ever sounded so good. #genuinesunshine
I miss you before you the second you're gone. #genuinesunshine
You shine brighter in my eyes than all the shooting stars in the sky. #genuinesunshine
My heart races at even the slightest thought of you. #genuinesunshine
At times like these I could say more to you, but all we do is sit and smile. That's fine by me, it's only you I see, It's only you for me.
'Cause now things are better than ever, and it's all because of you. &lt;3 #genuinesunshine
Everyone who likes my tweets should also check out @TrueLifeQuotez_, I guarentee you won't regret it!
We all know that when you're not here I long for the sweetest stare at me, 'Cause I can't take my eyes off of you. #genuinesunshine
When I'm sitting next to you I can't help but think of the endless things I love about you. #genuinesunshine
Everyone should go check out and follow @funinyourlife, their tweets are funny, true, and always make me smile! (:
Baby you're like a summertime tangerine, bright on both sides, tasty, and sweet. #genuinesunshine
I wish I had the courage to tell you exactly how I really feel. #genuinesunshine
You're the one I've been waiting for :) #genuinesunshine
It's a sign things are more than just fine, when i have your hand in mine. #genuinesunshine
Hope ya'll are having a great beginning of what's gonna be a fantastic year :)
Let's get away, we can take a train. You can sleep upon my shoulder, we'll get married when we're older. #genuinesunshine
You're my sunshine on all the rainy days. #genuinesunshine
Whenever I get a message, I'm dissapointed when it's not you. #genuinesunshine
i can be everything you need. name it, i'll be anything. #genuinesunshine
@blessednelly i've been doing wonderful myself :) thanks for asking, glad to hear you're doing good too!
The cute things you say to me make my heart race. #genuinesunshine
Sorry for the lack of tweets! the holidays have kept me so busy! :) Hope all you have been doing wonderful!!
You're so sweet, you're making my teeth hurt. #genuinesunshine
my hearts got me acting ridiculous. #genuinesunshine
Even though I'm far away, you've gotta be mine. #genuinesunshine
Let me be whatever you need. #genuinesunshine
@alydian09 Happy holidays to you too!
What would you say if I told you that all I've thought about is you since you've been gone? #genuinesunhine
Where would I go, if ever you weren't there? #genuinesunshine
I miss you more than you even know... More than you probably care. More than I ever show to you my dear, at least in words alone.
Can we please just stop fighting? #genuinesunshine
Our plans keep on changing as were growing older, but I try so very hard to keep to all the things I told you. #genuinesunshine
Is there something I could say to bring you back to me, and fix this mess I made? #genuinesunshine
It might sound cliche but it's true, I always dream about you. #genuinesunshine
My favorite thing is the sound of my name off your lips. #genuinesunshine
I love everything that you throw my way. #genuinesunshine
I know that it sounds crazy baby, but who'd have thought that someone like me could've fallen in love so easily. #genuinesunshine
All I need is a sign from you, that you think of me. 'Cause all I do is think of you. #genuinesunshine
When you close your tired eyes, I'll meet you there. #genuinesunshine
The more I get to know you, the more I want you close to me. #genuinesunshine
Just take my hand, I don't need anything else.  #genuinesunshine
Let's make our get away, just me and you babe, the rest of the world can wait. #genuinesunshine
Candy and hearts arent enough to make you see, that you are the best thing thing that's ever happened to me. #genuinesunshine
Everyone dies, but not everyone truly lives. #lifeiswhatyoumakeit
I always secretly hope that ill get snowed in someplace with you... #genuinesunshine
you can be the captain, and I will be your first mate. #genuinesunshine
You take my breath away, I hope I make you feel the same - ROAR/kaseyroar
If you fall you'll only get a bruise or two, so just get up and try again. #genuinesunshine
If you've got dreams, then chase them. Never give up, just face them. You can't stop me now. #genuinesunshine
My hearts got me acting rediculous. #genuinesunshine
I hope you keep on thinking of me everyday. #genuinesunshine
Stay a little longer, let our hearts grow fonder. #genuinesunshine
I've waited so long for someone just like you to come along for me. #genuinesunshine
RT @TheQuoteWhore: It's amazing what people do for love. It's even more amazing for what love does for people.
You are more sweet than all the #HolidayTreats. #genuinesunshine
This time next year, I'll be right here. #genuinesunshine
Things are better than ever, and it's all because of you. #genuinesunshine
We all know when you're not here, I long for your sweet stare back at me, 'cause I just can't keep my eyes off of you. #genuinesunshine
There's thunder in the forecast, but you always bring the sunshine. #genuinesunshine
When I gave your my heart, you just ripped it apart.
@dafunydaweird1 :D Well thanks!!
No matter what I do, I can't get you off my mind. #genuinesunshine
Your smile is my weakness. #genuinesunshine
We're just kids who fell in love on a whim, it sounds dumb, but we did. #genuinesunshine
I can't think of anyone more perfect for me #genuinesunshine
I'd like you to see that there's something in me that you dig, cause I've known I've loved you from the moment we met. @genuinesunshine
Never let the foolish things break you apart. #genuinesunshine
I don't want you to know, that I don't want you to go..
If it was up to me, you'd be mine. #genuinesunshine
RT @kaseyroar: When your stars don't shine, I'll give you mine. &lt;3
I remember the first second you caught my eye. #genuinesunshine
@ToxicSugarRush Glad to hear! :D @MyGenuineFind is great!
It doesn't take anything but a smile from you to give me butterflies, just like the first time you looked into my eyes. #genuinesunshine
@ToxicSugarRush yes very! By @mygenuinefind, check it out on purevolume.com and you won't regret it!
Check out @mygenuinefind's new album #LoveEnough!
Everytime you look in my eyes, I realize you belong right next to me. #genuinesunshine #LoveEnough
#ff @tricircle @lisapatb @hayleediekema @shaugui :) #LoveEnough
I'm sick of wasting time, I need to make you mine. #genuinesunshine
@mygenuinefind #LoveEnough #forever &lt;3 (: Congrats on everything Bobby!
"you don't need a dollar, baby, to steal this heart of mine. your heart is worth a million bucks when it's beating next to mine."-@kaseyroar
At the end of the day, I just need to have you with me. #genuinesunshine
Maybe is all that I can say, I can't guarantee you anything... But I'll try, you and I. #genuinesunshine
I will always want you here. #genuinesunshine
It's always you in my day dreams. #genuinesunshine
Maybe it's meant to happen, maybe you and I could fall in love.
Life is full of maybes, we'll never know what's next so we'll see.
Don't just wait and sit, if you have a problem find a way to fix it. #genuinesunshine
Baby I can't explain it, but you're the person that will always have my heart. #genuinesunshine
You're still the one I always wake up thinking of. #genuinesunshine
Your crystal eyes shine brighter than the sunrise, and when you look back into mine I find it hard to not be mesmerized. #genuinesunshine
When I'm with you I feel like a kid in a candy store, except I know exactly what I'm looking for. #genuinesunshine
Mashable is giving away a daily Holiday #MashPack with cool gadgets and prizes. Here's how you can win

http://on.mash.to/mshpck1
We go good together just like coffee and cream. #genuinesunshine
Oh dear, my heart skips a beat when you are near. #genuinesunshine
Don't take a single day for granted. Your life is what you make it. #genuinesunshine
Everywhere I go, I wish you where here. #genuinesunshine
Never settle for second best. You're better than that. #genuinesunshine
I don't care how hard they try, no one could ever make me feel the way you do. #genuinesunshine
There will never be another you. #genuinesunshine
'Cause baby you plus me add up perfectly. #genuinesunshine
Theres plenty of fish in the sea, but Id never go swimming alone, so how about you come with me? & We'll be happier than the rest of the sea
I'll never lose hope, I'll always need you the most. #genuinesunshine
At the end of the day, I just need to have you with me. #genuinesunshine
@tricircle :D aww good! i'm so happy to hear that! :D :D
Feeling down? Here's an easy fix. http://me.lt/3TUyL (-@mygenuinefind)
@tricircle (if you want to know a secret, you're one of my favorite followers) (:
The greatest gift of all would be you wrapped up with me. I don't need a christmas tree, or any of those things. #genuinesunshine
You keep me on my toes. #genuinesunshine
The distance from here is too far from here to your arms. #genuinesunshine
Lets get away, we could take a train, you can sleep up on my shoulder, & we'll get married when we're older. #genuinesunshine
Baby, take a chance on romance. Run into me, like they do in the movies.
you in particular, read my heart like literature.
"I know I'm nothing but skin and bones, but I sure think you're beautiful." - ROAR
#FF @tricircle @hayleediekema @lisapatb
You take my breath away, I hope I make you feel the same way. #genuinesunshine
RT @Chrisyyboo: RT: anyone can be a player but it takes a real man to hold a relationship.
Let me keep this short and sweet, there's not much I wouldn't do to sweep you off your feet.
You're unmistakable, I wish my heart wasn't breakable.
"Let me keep this short and sweet, you're the prettiest thing I ever did see." -ROAR
I entered to win free tickets and M&G to the Chase Coy / Backseat Goodbye tour! ENTER HERE http://districtlin.es/c21 @smartpunk
Love is the key to anything. #genuinesunshine
RT @hayleediekema "three sleepless nights this isn't how its supposed to be but you're so good at taking your time to get back to me."
A kiss always means something. #genuinesunshine
I'll never give up on you. #genuinesunshine
Ready for you like a child's wide eyes on Christmas Eve. You're amazing; I can't stop dazing. #genuinesunshine
The best christmas present there could be, would be you wrapped up with me. :) #genuinesunshine
My head is in the clouds, but my heart is there with you.
Whenever I spend a day with you, my cheeks hurt at the end of the day, 'cause I've been smiling way more than notmal. #genuinesunshine
I never knew I could miss someone like I miss you. When you're gone I can feel in in my heart and throughout my bones. #genuinesunshine
RT @hayleediekema: I'm pretty sure I'm missing something, and I'm pretty sure that something is you.
How is it that just thinking of you keeps me warm love? #genuinesunshine
Why is it everything I do, I do it for you, without even meaning to? #genuinesunshine
'Cause I'll show you if you let me, that although we're different types we were meant to be.
These memories with you I'll remember, well beyond this cold icy November. #genuinesunshine
I'm so thankful for all my blessings, but especially you.
I hope I don't go wrong, 'cause it's easy to fall in love.
@QualityCarWash last year there was 2 people fighting over the last Wii and they decided to settle it with a cage fighting match in Walmart
With you by my side, I feel invincible.
"You could be the best gift under my tree, or atleast under the stars, yeah we'd go far with dreams like ours darling, dreams like ours."MGF
My favorite sound is your sweet voice. #genuinesunshine
You can be the captain and I'll be your first mate. (:
"'Cause you're the salt to my pepper, love to my letter, baby lets just give this a try." - Andrew Torres
@hayleediekema @ActionItemBand YESS!! Grand Rapids, MI!!
Your lips look so lonely, would they like to meet mine? (;
It always amazes me how your eyes shine brighter than all the stars in the sky combined. #genuinesunshine
I want to be your last first kiss. #genuinesunshine
Seeing your smile every morning is a great way to start off the day. I've never been a morning person until now. #genuinesunshine
you &gt; everyone else. #genuinesunshine
Once a moment's gone, it's gone forever. So give it a try, don't let that moment pass you by. #genuinesunshine
I want what's best for you, but I can't stand the thought of you with someone new...
You complete me in so many ways, I wish I could explain. #genuinesunshine
@b_mw_ aw thank you! :)
RT @hayleediekema @stephenjerzak Yeah that stuff is the best!!! I picked some up from one of your professional beach volleyball tourneys! :D
You're the sun that shines through all my rainy days. #genuinesunshine
You've got a smile that could light up a whole room, and when I see it, I just can't seem to get my eyes off you. #genuinesunshine
I could tell from the beginning that it was meant to be. #genuinesunshine
Nothing feels right without you by my side. #genuinesunshine
I remember the first second you ever caught my eye. #genuinesunshine
The sweetest sound you can hear is your name from the lips of that one boy. #genuinesunshine
You give me the kind of feelings that people write novels about.
There's nothing I'd rather hold than you.
Nobody has come close to making me feel the way you do. #genuinesunshine
#ff @hayleediekema @Lisapatb
There's no way I'm leaving without you next to me.
If you'd ask me for my heart, there's no way that I'd say no.
If my heart was a compass, you'd be north.
If home is where the heart is, my home is where you are.
There'd be nothing better than waking up to the sight of your face for the rest of my years. #genuinesunshine
You might not always end up where you're heading, but you'll always end up where you're meant to be.
I know I'm not a princess, but you make me feel like one (: #genuinesunshine
Of all the things I've ever chosen, my best decision was picking you out of the crowd. #genuinesunshine
@panerabread my someone sent me a message saying "meet me at the park at our favorite bench" and then when I (cont) http://tl.gd/71obnk
Your smile is my weakness. #genuinesunshine
It would be a truly happy ending if you'd just be my forever after. #genuinesunshine
I wish you could just tell me exactly how you feel. Stop juggling my heart back and forth, before you break it.
I'll never forget the summer nights with you, watching the sunset and the shooting starts. Remember that, wherever you are.
Sometimes, I think you are the medicine to all this pain.
Just like every snowflake that falls, you are one of a kind. #genuinesunshine
The best part about me will always be you.
We'll stand strong, and hand it hand, we can make it through it all.
Stop caring what other people think, do what you do for you.
The seasons may be changing, but my love for you never will.
If it was up to me, you'd be mine.
I wouldn't be so grumpy in the morning as long as I was able to wake up next to you
I've waited my whole life, I'm so glad I found you.
The way your eyes shine easily outdue a million beautiful sunsets
It kills me that you're pushing me away, when I wish you were pulling me in.
I'd much rather have you here to warm me up than these sweatshirts and blankets.
When people ask me what I want to do when I'm older, in the back of my mind I know what I want most, and thats to be waking up next to you.
keep your head high gorgeous, there's so many girls who would kill to see you fall
I want to be the girl that you don't want to lose.
there's gotta be a reason i keep driving all these miles, just to see your sweet smile for a little while.
i just want to let ya'll know, i love love
i will never deny that i am the luckiest, all because i have you
I'd go way out of my way, just to show you that you're truely the highlight of all my days.
every moment without you, i'm a mess
Can't focus in class, all I ever can focus on is you.
you are the most wonderful thing about me
Making you smile brightens up my day more than i could possibly explain
i've never thought someones hands could fit so perfectly into mine as yours do
I'd give anything just to have you by my side at all times
Cause when I looked into your eyes, and you dared to stare right back, you should've said "Nice to meet you, I'm your other half" -Relient K
I could conquer the world with one hand, as long as you were holding the other one. (:
There's billions of stars in the sky, but looking up at them now, I realize that none of them even come close the shining as bright as you.
You're so sweet, you could put Hersheys out of business.
#FF @hayleediekema @clauuosejo @rachel_olivia :)
The way you make me smile is way different than the way others do. There's just something real special about you.
Life isn't measured by the number of breaths we take, but the moments that take our breath away.
Nothing sounds quite as sweet as your voice.
I don't know how you do it, but just one smile from you can make my day a million times better.
Smile, happy looks good on you.
The good thing about the cold is, it gives me a great reason to cuddle up with you.
When's the last time, that you did did something for the first time?
"Seems like the only one who doesn't see your beauty is the face staring in the mirror looking back at you." - Taylor Swift
He turns to me, he said, "I've got to tell you how I feel. If God could make the perfect girl, for me it would be you.”
I'm convinced I've found the other half of me in you.
I don't want to know what my life would be like without you.
Nothing shines quite as bright as that smile of yours ☼
@princeafiee thanks! :) hopefully you enjoy my tweets!
Everythings twice as great when you're by my side.
On a scale of one to ten, you're a twelve.
Everything seems to be a mess, but theres one thing I'm sure about, and it's you..& I mean if just one thing makes sense, why not go for it?
It may be a cold long winter, but knowing I've got you to come home to keeps me warm
First tweet. && my lovelies, the most important thing I've got to say is hello!
