glenhpearson
http://abs.twimg.com/sticky/default_profile_images/default_profile_1_400x400.png
Tell ten people to tell ten people you need me to be the first "Joe the Plumber" President to win by the use of social media EXCLUSIVELY !!!
Do I sometimes spell something wrong YEP ! But i will be the best President ever, My life experience is unparalled Vote !! Pearson's People
No the sun rays have become so engrained with "GOOD" if you see a product with a radiance behind it or the sun's ray's it is GREAT ! RIGHT?
Now the Halo has become so engrained with "GOOD" if you see a product with a halo behind it or the sun's ray's it is automaticaly associated
But the pastor was not doing well with the sun god worshipers. He put a "HALO" behind all the saints heads. It exploded with new worshipers
emanates from behind the product. It starts about  a couple hundred years after christ died A Church was built between Isareal and Cairo...
Enough Politics some Religion now. Ever wondered who came up with thi whole "HALO" thing around Christ head or even used in ads where a glow
Ever hear about the North American Union? European Unions counter balance? Or the "Amero" money A.K.A. EURO for the North American Union
multi-millions that are saved in campain contributions could be used for helping the homeless,building homes for the Homeless or anything
I do not plan to spend a dime. I am not asking for donations.  I am asking for your help in what in whatever capacity you can
Our current President used this medium basically to show a hip newcomer to th e D.C. scene. He still spent muti-millions as status quo man
All campaign issues I.E. What the Hell do you stand for? Who are you? Why should I vote for you? I am Joe the plumber with some sharp edges.
someone is not sharing this  with their friends It will only work if you in cyberspace make it work ! The first President from cyberspace !!
Voting for anyone else is suicide for America. I imagine soon I get some corporate opposition.They will use their own money to spam America.
Tell 10 friends to tell 10 friends ect... We can make History here. I guess what I really need is a debate with another online canidate .
What we got is more of same Shit coming Republican or democrat, ect.... I am the one that can change it force them VOTE!! ME IN
There has always been an empty feeling. I would see the people living in the streets... And then there I was in the streets. Like a DOG
The White house would not be changed a bit from what the Obama's have done saving millions. Oh, I am a single and only distant relatives.
My e-mail address is glenhenrypearson@yahoo.com I will answer with the max # of characters. MY agendas work  on a small scale. bump it up !!
What questions would you have of a high school drop out that wants the Top Job in the world. That ages you 10 yr's for each year of service.
Please do not cast me democrat republican or anything else I am Glen Pearson I STAND ALONE And I want you to help me save this country.
A vote for me is a vote for democracy I'm Broke and I want no donations I want to be the first president to win by online voters.
So you think you could elect a better President than me? Wrong!!!             How do you think they got there ? Looking out for you. HA! HA!
Think  I owe no political favors I only do whats right for our country. every decision I make will be based on media response Majority rules
And I would be proud if I were Prez or vice prez under Obama. He show me the way.Change of heart. Nope he will have to be vice prez
Yes I want to be the first president voted for and by electronic media.Cell Phone mobs ect...ect... And cheap as well. Let the net decide
question's send to glenhenrypearson@yahoo.com together we can change the world.I will need techno support as this willl be won on the net
Take a chance on a new bloodline. One that is part of this globalized world and has studied it with a 5 year olds eyes. Share your toys!!!!!
I was a Clinton fan. I disdain communism,Socialism is a function of gov. Corporations need major help to bring them back. I know what to do.
Does all this seem a bit scary,well you have elected all your presidents with little thought except Commercials of fishing  trips  ect.....
Garnering looked bad. So I will exersize my executive powers within of an hour of your putting me here. I will cut lots of red tape quickly.
It be then most transparent of all Goverments,Social media will play a huge part In gar nering your trust back. Executive branch follows
No worries for the "People" Absolutely nothing else has worked has it? Now you may mock my feeble attempt to save America Out of the Box????
Me Joe then Plumber running your country thru your eyes. I have been many things many times. This I will enjoy. No worries Int.Corporations
So tell 10 friends to tell 10 friends ect..I will be the best high school drop out alcoholic ever to run a nation as great as this.
I will work for 10% of the presidents salary. would you work for a 10%CUT??
So you is a joke, Think not!  I am JOE THE PLUMBER HIGH SCHOOL DROP OUT AND WITH CONVICTION GALORE I AM ABLE TO MAKE THIS AMERiCA AGAIN
Setember 14th I annnouced  I am throwing my hat into the Presidential race I promise nothing. But the script will not flip. It will roll
Vote for me the original anonymous.Things will change so much you'll cry
answered all my questions. Thanks Handler's
This is my last tweet the "HANDLERS" are not allowing me to post. Only letting me believe I post
Reverse mergers with questionable accounting is a prelude to outright NATIONALIZATION Of American asset's IDEOLOGY is KING in China not $$$$
Las Vegas, all it's glitter was built on Loser's. Just Like Investment in Communist Chinese manufacturing behemoth is for America's LOSER'S
Reverse merger one right after another with questionable accouting. where your R.O.I. ? It sits in Chinese coffers FOOL'S  Lost INVESTMENT's
The aforementioned communist company's are just a small glimpse of the lenght's communist's will go to siphon every last American dollar
China Electric Motor,China Natural gas,Duoyuan Printing,China Media express Holding,China Agritech,China skyone medical, orient Paper inc
The fortune 500 is redistributing so much wealth that soon America will collapse economically.Chinese corporation's will run things
Chinese reverse Mergers with misleading accounting is making me sick. because it won't be long before they just outright NATIONALIZE !!
The mere fact this nationalization is being discussed is enough for me to take a hard look at my portfolio. If they do, It does not matter!
I'm no finacial guru but "the read" makes sense at least for China. I think were screwed. This could be the final nail on the economy.
This will make the Housing slump pale compared to the current amount of non-liquid investment. I believe they will nationalize hard assets
From what I've read timing is crucial "But when"? is the Million Dollar Question. I am getting out while I still got a R.O.I.
Ideology seems to trump the allmighty dollar! Be prudent my fellow investors.Do they really intend to nationalize American Asset's
Americas R.O.I. has been good but it potentially will all be lost. If the predictions I've seen materialize.nationalization seems probable
executive white papers I have read make sense of the potential nationalization of American assets in China. Investors should plan as if !
Wall street is the most MARXIST institution ever on earth! More American capital has been redistributed(GLOBILIZATION)(FREETRADE)=MARXISM
The Pig has lipstick on! redistribution of the wealth is called Globalization when it is really Marxism. You are Idiots!!
So when you invest into Wall street they invest somewhere else! this is redistribution of the wealth(Marxism) not free trade!!
How about hedge fund managers do you understand that investment into wall street means redistribution of wealth to communist country's
Wall Street calls redistribution of the wealth Globalization or free trade but it is only a pig with lipstick! Redistribution is MARXISM!!!
The fortune 500 are all incorporated as "Internationals".The Internationals are a Socialist political entity. This is the fifth incarnation!
The American economy is going to collapse and Wall Street can not save you. They have already developed a buy&sell mark! TRADEMARKS!!
Wall Street has redistributed more wealth under the banner of globalization than any Marxist could have ever hoped for! Wall street=Marxism
Trade=BUY&SELL..TRADEMAKS=BUY&SELL MARKS. No Christians out there? Revalations of the BIBLE! Nike swoosh on your forehead?See TIgerwoods
Wall Street has redistributed more wealth to communist country's than the MARXIST'S could have ever envisioned!  Marxism=Wall Street
Newport,Marlboro,Winston,Ligget group,any big tobacco I should not be discriminated against. for second hand smoke, Cars are worse!!
Big Tobacco could you help me? Please read previous tweets. Big Lawyers will you represent me I have been slandered!!
The biggest producer of second Hand smoke is automotive tailpipies.Yet it is illegal to smoke at a Bus stop in Santa Monica Ca. Any lawyers?
Your Cars tailpipe produces second hand smoke. If you drive you have no right to curtail my cigarette smoking. ANYWHERE!
I need a Lawyer I have been slandered as a smoker while drivers second hand smoke is O.K. I want justice! Any Lawyers out there?
the cigarette companys reading this? I want to ban second hand smoke from tailpipes.I smoke cigarettes and it is not fair! Santa Monica ca.
Cars should be banned I am tired of breathing second hand tailpipe emmisions, I need a lawyer any takers?
I get a ticket for second hand smoking at a bus stop while the cop car spews second hand smoke. Santa Monica ca. is insane!!
second hand pollution created by vehicles is greater than all other sources combined. Tailpipe smoke is second hand smoke.Ticket offenders
I want a ban on second hand automotive smoke. I get ticketed for smoking.. lets ticket all second hand COP car smoke. In Santa Monica Ca.
Ban cars in Santa Monica CA. I am tired of breathing the second hand smoke! Cigarettes are banned and these car's should be also!
Santa Monica Ca. Police write me a ticket for smoking cigarettes while the cop car is bellowing second hand smoke.
I want a ban on second hand automotive smoke. Here in California cigarettes are banned not Tailpipe second hand smoke!! Why??
Second Hand smoke only applies to cigarettes. Please turn off your Police car the smoke from your tailpipe is killing people!! (fact!)
China is going to dump all American financial instruments soon to collapse the economy. it will hurt them too!  Ideology trumps everything!
Bibles being produced by slave's in communist China. American flags too!!16 hour days create resentment of Ammerican Bibles&Flags
Wall street is the most MARXIST institution ever on earth! More American capital has been redistributed(GLOBILIZATION)(FREETRADE)=MARXISM
Not everyone lives by the almighty Dollar! Some like Hu Jintao live by Ideology specifically Communist Ideology not MONEY! His time is soon
Socialism is a secular humanist governance. "Internationals" are a socialist political party. all the fortune 500 are "INTERNATIONALS"!!
Wall Street calls redistribution of the wealth Globalization or free trade but it is only a pig with lipstick! Redistribution is MARXISM!!!
What is the diff between International Corporate redistribution of wealth and the Internationalist Partys redistribution of wealth? NONE!
So Wall Steets redistribution(MARXISM) of American Wealth to Communist country's is leveling the playing field we're poorer they're richer!
Yes, 666 CEO'S will take over world governance, It is where you will buy and sell everything! with a TRADEMARK! or a(TRADE) BUY&SELL- MARK!
WAL-Mart has a highly centralized distribution system just like the former USSR. And it will collapse just like it. NO R.O.I. Idiots
Wealth redistributed(Marxism) to Atheistic Goverments via Wall Street and creating hatred of bibles-flags produced by slavery.WOW!
Wall Street  practicing de-facto Marxism via the Globilization(redistributing)of wealth Process. Your Investing into your replacements!!!!
A picture is worth a thousand words. I have pictures of the "Mark" to be used when the U.S. economy collapse's want more?
fortune 500 are all incorporated as "Internationals".The Internationals are a Socialist political entity. This is the fifth incarnation!
How about private equity? do you understand that investment into wall street is redistribution of wealth to communist country's MARXISM!
The American economy is going to collapse and Wall Street can not save you. They have already developed a buy&sell mark! TRADEMARKS!!
So how much money is invested by the Chinese in our oil company's
Tornados,tsunami,earthquakes,Wars&rumors of war, Buy&Sell marks(trademarks) proliferating.(revelations) Whats in your wallet a Buy&Sell Mark
Whoever,Trump,Obama,Sarah Palin that will stop this Wall Street redistribution of wealth to communist-socialist country's get's my VOTE!!
hope Donald Trump runs if he can show proof of this get tough with China,oil cartels,ect.. I voted Obama but it's been non-stance admin.
Racism has a double standard.If I'm(white) mugged in a black neighborhood it's a bad neighborhood.Black mugged in a white hood it's racism
The fortune 500 have redistributed(marxism)more wealth than any entity in history! Donald Trump could win framing Wall Street as Marxist
If Donald Trump framed Wall Street as the biggest redistributer of American wealth,And the Marxism that is being practiced by the fortune500
Like Dodd Frank is really going to change the most Marxist entity(wallstreet)ever It has redistributed more wealth than any in History(fact)
TARP!,Naked shorts,Credit default swap,Commercial paper,Collateralized debt obligations,reverse auction,frozen credit markets!! gotcha!
Wall Street has redistributed more wealth under the banner of globalization than any Marxist could have ever hoped  for! Wall street=Marxism
TARP!,Naked shorts,Credit default swap,Commercial paper,Collateralized debt obligations,reverse auction,frozen credit markets!!
gotcha!
TARP!,Naked shorts,Credit default swap,Commercial paper,Collateralized debt obligations,reverse auction,frozen credit markets!!
Trademarks are buy&sell(trade)MARKS!! Why redistribution to these communist-socialist country's??
Wall Street since 911started redistributing American Wealth with a vengance! calling it Globalization-Freetrade! redistribution is socialist
Wall Street has redistributed more wealth than any entity in the history of mankind. Awfully socialist for Capitalist fortune 500 is it not?
They take your wealth and build factorys in commmunist-socialist country's as well as housing near the factory.REDISTRIBUTION=SOCIALISM
You invest into Wall Street and it redistributes your WEALTH to socialist-communist country's. The Fortune 500 like communist governance
Socialism is a secular humanist governance. "Internationals" are a socialist political party. all the fortune 500 are "INTERNATIONALS"!!
soon with all the mergers and aquisitions there will be only 666 INTERNATIONAL multinational corporations thta you can buy and sell from
I study Globilization-Freetrade issues and God illuminated the trademark=buy&sell MARKS!! READ tweets from weeks ago.
The bible forewarned us of the Buy&sell mark!(trademark) In revelations. If your christian you need to see this! Los angeles for now-First
Gold will not save you! The New World order is upon us Trademarks are (trade)=buy&sell MARKS! Any questions?  glenhenrypearson@yahoo.com
Want proof just ask? I am led to do this, I will dust myself off and move on very quickly.Most are religous not christian big difference.
crystal cathedral won't tell you,Jimmy swaggert,Jan and Paul crouch of TBN fame,700 club news certainly won't tell you. economic collapse!!
Joel Olsteen will not share this with you. Fredrick Price,Dollar ministry's not a one of them they have sold thier souls..They know!!
There is black and white evidence that collapse is emminent it can not be averted. Christians know why it must happen and it will soon!!
God led me to use this medium as a podium. I pray the ones that are convicted contact me. Los Angeles only for now..
Los angeles church's please e-mail me I will share with your congregation the Mark that will be used. You will be convicted beyond doubt!
All investment is going to be lost the rich and poor alike will not be able to buy and sell w/o the mark! Economic collapse is coming soon!!
The American economy is going to collapse and Wall Street can not save you. They have already developed a buy&sell mark! TRADEMARKS!!
Trademarks=buy&sell marks end of story!! any christians out there that are interested? e-mail me if you are in L.A. Ca.....Just started!!
Revelations has come to pass!! I have the proof!! In something that is worth a thousand words.. Pictures!!Want to see? e-mail me!
Los Angeles congregations only currently. However if your willing to come to me in my time slots I will share the buy&sell mark with you!!!
Please read previous tweets and if you need a picture which is a thousand words please e-mail me You will not be dissapointed.
Of course the MARK would not come to pass in your lifetime right? WRONG you already use it to buy and sell and your blind I can help!
If your a congregation in Los Angeles and would like to see the MARK spoken of in revelations e-mail me. glenhenrypearson@yahoo.com
A picture is worth a thousand words. I have pictures of the "Mark" to be used when the U.S. economy collapse's want more?
Buying&selling=trade and trademarks are buying&selling marks!! Trademarks are buying&selling MARKS!! Want more??
So are there any Christians in the Los Angeles area that would like to see the buy and sell mark spoke of in revelations??
When you invest into Wall Street I.E. (G.E.) you are building Homes near the factory you invested in....Communist China,(redistribution)
So American wealth redistributed to build factory's in communist-socialist country's. In China when a factory is built, homes are built also
Once again Wall Street has redistributed more Wealth to communist-Socialist regimes than any entity in History.Redistribution=Marxism
believe it was Trotsky who uttered  "we'll use capitalism to further socialism" And by god they are doing a good job! Wall Street=(MARXISM)
Read about the four preceeding Internationalist(socialist) movements. Some say this is the 4th incarnation. Don't be fooled.
The fortune 500 are all incorporated as "Internationals".The Internationals are a Socialist political entity. This is the fifth incarnation!
So all over the Middle east were squashing regimes in the name of Democracy. Democracy=American style capitalism=Hybrid Socialist's
You radical organizations these are your enemys Investment People! Capitalism must survive! To build a better MOUSE TRAP! These are RATS!
Anyone who practices a Marxist agenda by redistributing American wealth to Communist country's via Wall Street should be Shot! TRAITORS!
are these just Morons? No I think with all the college behind them this must be AGENDA! Marxist AGENDA. They should be executed as TRAITORS
I have to assume the people who redistribute(marxism)this wealth via Wall street know exactly what they are doing So they must be TRAITORS!!
Wall Street has redistributed more wealth than any entity in the History of civilization. Predominately to COMMUNIST YOU College GRAD IDIOTs
American Ideology is more money. Which is why a devout communist has such easy pickins with capitalist pigs.Investment? redistribution?Fool!
Not everyone lives by the almighty Dollar! Some like Hu Jintao live by Ideology specifically Communist Ideology not MONEY! His time is soon!
So we are investing into Communist Country that will soon overtake us and will have the clout to institute Communism Here!! Think not?? FOOL
China is really doing well as a result of all the redistribution of wealth(MARXISM) from America Wall Street to their infrastructure!!!!
So with Wall Street redistributing the majority of American Wealth into Communist infrastructure I'd say a MARXIST UTOPIA is getting closer
Soon we will all be part of an "INTERNATIONALIST"(MARXIST)community! All the fortune 500 are incorporated as"INTERNATIONALS" HMMM??WHY??
So Wall Steets redistribution(MARXISM) of American Wealth to Communist country's is leveling the playing field we're poorer they're richer!!
Why I say the same shit over and over  Because Americans are so Programmed.. investment in wall street is capitalism. HA! Ha! Read my tweets
The nike swoosh is a Buying and selling MARK!Or the Addidas Pyramid which mark do you use to buy and sell? the 32hr wk?Investment Marxism?
Christians should be alarmed revelations has come to pass!Trademarks=TRADE(BUYING&SELLING)MARKS Any questions? Nike swoosh is a mark to BUY!
Investment in Wall Street means redistributing your investment to communist-socialist country's(MARXISM)Wall Street is most Marxist EVER!!
Just think if 4 union people worked only 32hrs then a 5th union job would created.More free time = furthering ones education?
Wall Street=Globalization=Marxism=redistribution of American Wealth to communist-socialist country's. Any Questions? Marxist Free Traders
no one likes belt tighting!! Think of the children! If the 32 hr wk week is not implemented the children are doomed to unemployed misery!
Manufacturing will not return to America with slave labor markets still existing globally. so reduction in # hrs worked is creation of jobs!
Globalization on Wall Street means redistributing your wealth to socialist-communist countries.(marxism) Unions should adopt the 32hr wk
Unions need to survive in this globalization process and to do so with no new jobs created will be to reduce the # hrs!=More union workers!!
Any serious overview of the Tax structure would illuminate an increased tax base. As well as a discretionary spending increase! @ 32hrs wk.
Double Time over 32hrs would have the effect of forcing employers to hire more employees.Which would increase Tax revenues!
This can be accomplished by executive order under the banner of National securityThe Labor secretary should institute double time over 32hrs
The 32hr work wk is salvation to Unions even as they whine of lost wages-entitlements.Four union people @32hr=1 new union person@32hr
A high school sociology class understands that globilization is redistributing the American wealth to socialist-communist countries.
WALL Street takes your investment and redistribute's it to socialist-communist country's. Globalization is MARXISM (redistribution)
See all this globalization has been in pursuit of redistribution of American wealth to socialist and communist! Wall Street is Marxist
This is for union leaders primarily as the rank and file cannot understand the need for this transition to a 32hr work week.
One real way to increase Union membership is to decrease hrs worked per man! As this will increase union Jobs! The work still has to be done
Union Membership is declining! fast due to the redistribution of work to communist china.Something must be done to increase union Membership
Absolutley nothing has been done quantifiably positive. So take a chance on more free time. Let serendipity have it's way.
With more free time all sorts of unpredictable outcomes will arise. You can quantify the increase in employment. Not increased creativity!!!
The President ,CEO's ,labor all need to come to consensus on this as it is a matter of national security!! it good for the National Deficit!
It is a matter of National security that we implement the 32 hr. wk. Union membership would increase close to 25% which they should like!
You could study this,create graphs,ect.. I know something totally inexplicable will happen.It will be a good thing. I say it must be done
It must be instituted by Executive order, as the majority only care about their own pathetic lives. serendipity will have it's way! what????
this could be accomplished by mandating double time for anything over 32hrs. every four workers would then create 1 new job at 32hrs
manufacturing is never going to return to pre globilization levels so I believe in the interests of all would be  a mandated 32 hr wk
I'm convicted that the only solution to the unemployed is to reduce the work week to 32 hrs. Four people on 32 hrs creates one new job.
Wall Street calls redistribution of the wealth Globalization or free trade but it is only a pig with lipstick! Redistribution is MARXISM!!!
Marxism has been on steady march just as Trotsky predicted that capitalism would further Marxism! Wall Street has redistributed more wealth
STALINS MOTHERLAND,..HITLERS FATHERLAND,NOW AMERICAS HOMELAND! SEE ANY PATTERN YOU "PROGRAMMED MATRIX DWELLERS"?
International monetary fund has INTERNATIONALIST AGENDAS akin to the fortune 500's AGENDAS,Internationalist Bank of the world or WORLD BANK!
Internationalist is a marxist org.All the fortune 500 are legally incorporated as INTERNATONALS! Interpol=Internationalist Police!
To all you religous zealots ... the mark is here! It is called aTrademark!Trade=BUY&SELL or TRADEMARK! you use it already! ask your Preacher
exxplain how globilization is not redistributing the wealth!This is a PIG with lipstick! Wall street redistribution to COMMUNIST's sucks!!!
Wall street is the most MARXIST institution ever on earth! More American capital has been redistributed(GLOBILIZATION)(FREETRADE)=MARXISM
I not recieve the fancy schooling but i do know when you redistribute wealth from rich Americans to communist infrastructure it's MARXIST
CEO's redistributing American capital in third world economys is redistribution of the wealth(MARXISM) not Globalization-free trade
How about private equity? do you understand that investment into wall street is redistribution of wealth to communist country's MARXISM!
How about hedge fund managers do you understand that investment into wall street means redistribution of wealth to communist country's
Do any of you Christians understand that investment into Wall street means redistributing Wealth to communist-socialist country's
R.O.I. is all you care about. It is short term!! The R.O.I. translate's into a Marxist USA! Fools!!  Wall Street Redistribution is Marxist!
The Pig has lipstick on! redistribution of the wealth is called Globalization when it is really Marxism. You are Idiots!!
You invest and it is redistributed(MARXISM)  to communist socialist country's and it is called Globalization. the pig has lipstick on!
The pig has lipstick on! They call redistributing the wealth globalization-free-trade. redistributing the wealth is Marxist!
Trademarks=Buy&sell(trade)Marks just like revelations in the Bible. Just can not believe it can you? Trade=BUY&SELL=TRADE(BUY&SELL) MARKS
Globalization is redistribution of the Wealth.. precisely as Marx envisioned...Wall street has redistributed more than Marx ever envisioned
Wall street the most MARXIST Organization on this Planet. It has redistributed more Wealth than any other. Marxism is called globilization
So when you invest into Wall street they invest somewhere else! this is redistribution of the wealth(Marxism) not free trade!!
The cashless society will be ushered in with Paper Money being contaminated with a virus-pathogen that kills.Thus burn the paper. Coins also
Wall Street is practicing de-facto Marxism via the Globilization(redistributing)of wealth Process. Your Investing into your replacements!!!!
Americans will welcome the communist's as salvation. When the global system collapse's. Ironically by Comunist's
And I believe this is exactly what China intends to do. Dump their holdings and collapse Capitalism. When it is TIME. Only they know when!
And so with this new dynamic of redistributing Wall Street wealth to communistic country's is not a sustainable economic model for America!
If the communist dumped their American holdings on Ideological premise's the Global economic infrastructure would collapse. Ideology Trumps!
A hybrid Capitalism is now emerging as the moderator of Political,economic,religions,cultures. Successful Business is the New Religion
So the only viable solution to the ongoing Global morass is to create a Global Governance with only nation states. Religion=Chaos!
The Collapse of Arab Civilization? http://t.co/QMHt8JM via @AddThis The collapse of any paticular nation state or religion must be smashed!!
Marxism can be democratic and Wall street is a democratic redistributer of American Wealth. Wake up people! Globilization is redistributing
Democracy now a euphenism for Capitalism and Capitalism now stands for globilization and globilization means redistributing wealth(Marxism)
Soon marxist-Communist nations will be all powerful.And this will be the demise of christianity,Ironic that Jesus advocated redistribution
Why do I disdain Marxism? because at it's core it is Ateistic,redistribution of the wealth is what Globalization is all about.
Globilization=Marxism Wall Street=MarxismTrademarks were spoken of in revelations in the bible(buy&sell)=trade=Trademarks The marks are here
Redistribution of the wealth is Marxism,Wall Street redistributes Wealth to Communist-socialistic country's to create jobs THERE!Not HERE!!!
I am tired of following tweets that are only self serving therefore I quit
trademarks are buy&sell(trade)marks.Wall Street is practicing de-facto Marxism by redistributing wealth to communist countrys any Questions?
Religion is diametrically opposed to true Christanity. Fact! sell that building and help the widows! Of course you do not understand!
The Church has been bastardized. More is spent on Infrastructure than the real church... which is HUMANS called the church
SATAN is really good tricking God fearing people. Build a building and then beg for Money incessantly Help the Widows,sorry building first!!
You can not go to church because you ARE the CHURCH! These CHURCH Corporations are a LIE! Render unto Caesar Mega Church CORPORATIONS!!!!!!!
Jesus gave specific instructions to Noah on ark building.There are no instructions on building a physical Building called "CHURCH"
I believe all these mega Church Corporations need to be taxed, Non-profit What a LIE that you want to believe.
Christians who invest with corporations that build slave labor factorys so they'll get a good R.O.I. are now condemmed! You know now!
Christian's Wall Street is NUMEROLOGY! These people are numerologist's and this is of Satan. It is a trick!
WALL STREET REDISTRIBUTES(MARXIST) CHRISTIAN WEALTH TO ATHEIST COMMUNIST COUNTRY's Support Christian corporations If you can find one!
99.99% of TRADE(BUY&SELL)MARKS are neo egyptian(MASONIC) in origin. One in a million have Christian symbolism. Trade=BUY&SELL, REVELATIONS!!
christians when u use your Visa and its mark to buy and sell you are participating in Satans little ruse,See the little triangle on the V
The fortune 500 really love communist governance don't they? They must they take our wealth and redistribute it to communist Factory's
Should American flags be made by slave factory workers in China?How about Bibles?I think these slaves resent what the products represent
Trademarks=Buy&sell(trade) Marks! just like in revelations of the Bible!!
Globalization=redistributing of wealth (marxism) Any questions?
Christian Wealth redistributed(Marxism) to Atheistic Goverments via Wall Street and creating hatred of bibles-flags produced by slavery.WOW!
I believe it should be Illegal to produce American Flags in Communist Slave labor countries. It is wrong for slaves produce Bibles in China
Bibles being produced by slave's in communist China. American flags too!!16 hour days create resentment of Ammerican Bibles&Flags
Christians don't buy this Wall street Investment Scheme(globalization-redistribution) of building factory's in Atheistic Communist country's
Wall Street has sold out our Democracy.. people the amount of Money redistributed will never return. Globilization is a Marxist Trick
Never thought GLOBILIZATION as MARXIST maybe you should the END GAME is the same. Your wealth redistributed "INTERNATIONALLY" to atheist
These International corp's MUST love COMMUNIST with all your wealth being transfered there. You have been suckered.. Wall Street is Marxist
Wall Street is 100% vested in redistributing  wealth. And you think the R.O.I. is great! You will lose it all. It's called Globilization!
These "Internationalist"(Marxist)Corporations are using 401k contributions to build factory's in Communist country's. Capitalism is no more!
Wall street invest's into a communist factory and they build roads,sewer,water,electricity,workers housing,That is redistributing-Marxist
Globilization=Redistribution of wealth to socialist-communist factory's and infrastructure.
Marxism=redistribution of wealth, Wall street where you invest and your investment is redistributed to a communist country's infrastructure
the mergers and aquisitions are creating too big to fail Mega Corporations,They will give a good R.O.I. short term. This MARXIST Strategy...
They will become too big to fail!! Everything you buy and sell will come from these 666 "International" Corporations using TRADE-MARKS
at this rate soon there will only be 666 International-Umbrella corporations where you buy&sell with.. using.. Trade(buy&sell)Marks!!!
years ago there were 10's of thousands of umbrella International- Transnational Corp's now only a couple of thousand or less
So with the Mergers & Aquisitions of the globilization process decades the number of Mothership Corporations has been greatly reduced.
Trademarks = Buy&Sell-trade Marks,Wall Street is practicing defacto MARXISM by redistributing wealth to Communist Countrys... ANY QUESTIONS?
Christians beware of the NUMEROLOGISTS(Brokers)  Read back over my rants then write me. glenhenrypearson@yahoo.com. Its De-facto MARXISM
Read earlier editions  Mass media and society theres a little more truth in them. to the critical mind it's scary! six sources of news feed
So we have a bunch of rote trained Parrots regurgitating the PROGRAMMING. Critical thinking rarely comes from these Diploma mills.Parrots do
They were Very succesful! our schools use ROTE teaching predominately reinforcing the PROGRAMMING,READ A College TEXT Mass Media and Society
Back in WWII when only every fourth house had aT.V. and only three networks. They concluded they had a tool which we'll call programs
Your T.V. presents programs for assimilation just like a computer.!I look at the Black gangsta rap and Black society since it's inception
Please revert to my previous tweets. I have outlined the real world. What you choose to believe I can not predict.Your PROGRAMMING tells all
supply chain depends on oil to ship from China-Fiji !  Disruption is inevitable.Then all your investment in Wall Streets China will be gone!
Nothing Wal Mart or Fiji water does is sustainable! It will fail!! This redistributing wealth via 401k's will also fail! The supply chain is
What about all the oil thats used to ship WATER from FIJI, We don't have comparable water here? Of course we do! BURN OIL to SHIP WATER!!!!
What happens when the Beef you eat from south America can not be shipped because oil is $200 a barrel? Your Bananas.How about FIJI WATER?
Highly centralized systems like the USSR'S and Wal-Mart will always be inefficent. Do not believe the capitalistic hype. What happens.......
WAL-Mart has a highly centralized distribution system just like the former USSR. And it will collapse just like it. NO R.O.I. Idiots
WALMART will be to big to fail! And your dollars will be used. this will nullify savings you got from Highly centralized Distribution system
The Matrix is the construct you currently live in,This is my feeble attempt at illuminating "YOUR PROGRAMMING" as bogus-lies. Turn off T.V.!
Never thought of this as De-facto Marxism? Never thought trademarks were Buy&sell(trade)marks. So much more to learn. Soon the "Matrix"....
Wall Street Corporations,Your church Corporations all are practicing De-facto Marxism by redistributing your wealth to Atheist Governance!!
Check for yourself the MAJORITY of American flags are made by communist slaves. Your really contributing to their what? Slavery!
The majority of American flags are produced by Communist slaves who learn to despise the flag by association with Corporate SLAVERY
Slaves are currently working 16 hour days to print Bibles for you good people!! SLAVES,Children learn to despise by association the Bible
your own house is not in order and you want to minister overseas!!First Family then neighbors,city,county,state,country.ect..
YOU write it off!! thereby nullifying sacrafice !Church Corporations redistribute your wealth as well. They are forever doing work oversea's
tithing requires sacrafice does it not. Yet when you get your itemized donations from your Church Corporations you nullify your tithe HOW??
Multiply your money times 300 million people and that is a sizable interest free loan to the Goverment! Will anyone give u a interest free??
When you have more than enough taxes taken out of your salary you in effect have given the goverment an intrest free loan till tax time!
You are investing into the spread of atheism. because redistributing the wealth to communistic country's promotes Atheism!
so for you Christians why do I disdain this redistribution of wealth to Communist-Socialist Nations. Because this is atheistic Governance!!!
So you invest in your 401k and the money is redistributed for a factory in china that will replace yours, but R.O.I. is everything right?
Would BUY&SELL MARKS be of benifit to the 666 "INTERNATIONALIST" Corporation's in this era of Wall Street failure. Too big to fail economics
Globalization=redistribution of American wealth to Communist-Socialist nations!Trademarks=BUY&SELL(TRADE)MARKS!
goverment budgets will swell even as goverment shrinks, Do you really not understand? try reading between the lines in my previous tweets
SMALLER GOVERMENT MEANS MORE CORPORATE RULE VIA OUTSOURCING THE BIZ OF GOVERNANCE!Maybe to socialistic countries,communist countries
It redistributes money to MINORITY OWNED SMALL BIZ,NGO"S,FAITH BASED organizations. it does not reduce budget deficits
So believe this bull about smaller goverment! It does not translate to smaller budget! redistributing your money is what it does do! To.....
The worlds religion.. even the stock markets is numerology the study of numbers. NUMEROLOGY IS THE #1 RELIGION!
Yeah I am a ranting nut! so was Jesus! that is why they crucified him! His words and actions. I am in excellent company!!
info is not for the ones who believe they tithe to the church and then write off their tithe!A tithe requires sacrafice,A write off is not!!
Yes, 666 CEO'S will take over world governance, It is where you will buy and sell everything! with a TRADEMARK! or a(TRADE) BUY&SELL- MARK!!
And the joke will get these new pawns as well!! Their turn will come even quicker.666 leaders will emerge after the global economic meltdown
Yeah todays stock market is just a vehicle for redistributing Old white male redneck wealth to everyone else.
Redistributing your wealth old redneck white Men! And you thought that R.O.I fantastic! Old white rednecks you got tricked!! and your KIDS!
smaller goverment?Just kidding ..your still have increasing taxation(redistributing) your wealth to these small hungry businesse's
Smaller Goverment only means more taxpayer funded NGO'S,Faith based,And Small Minority owned biz. Not smaller Tax  burdens for all Americans
Smaller Goverment still means higher taxes because it will outsource to small minority owned(HUNGRY)biz owners,
so these small Minority owned biz's that will benifit from this gov outsourcing will do ANYTHING to maintain their place in the PYRAMID!!
like the goverment legally can't keep files on lawabiding citizens. So Lexus Nexus is used.And the gov may buy the Info from them legally!!
then you can say small biz is coming back! right doing Gov work with your ever increasing taxes being redistributed to MINORITY BIZ! owners
The same ones who believe that a FED hiring freeze is smaller goverment Wrong They just outsource more to small biz! The taxes are the same
Those who disagree with me are the same ones who think it's great to get a tax refund.When really it is a intrest free loan to the Goverment
Ok Vietnam,India,pakistan,ect.. Redistribution has been the watchword of Capitalistic Endeavor, Capitalist's behaving as MARXIST"s WOW!
redistribution of the wealth has been "GLOBALIZATION'S" basic tenant!Take Americas wealth(stock market investment)and use it in China!
Just think if goverment were run like wal-mart(highly centralized)this would be the most efficient goverment ever. Right?
Soon you will buy and sell from 666 "INTERNATIONALIST" corporations.This is different than democracy We think were free,they know their not!
A capitalist- democratic-socialistic HYBRID is the future of world governance. With the Fortune 500(666) as the Backbone!!!
Is there anybody who see's capitalism separate from democracy. I think not!! They are one and the same. The world is moving toward.....
So what is Democracy? Well in 2011 it is synonomous with Capitalism so when you want to install democracy it also means CAPITALISM!!
Prison like lockdown for kids=behavior modification just like in prison!!
When does wal mart get locked down because of something going down in the hood? Never..ONLY SCHOOLS. 7-11 gets robbed... lockdown schools!!
Political dissent=LOCKDOWN=Fricking troublemakers anyway right?How about lockdown of the Internet? too extreme right? Programmed fat asses
That is preparing your kids for the new world order. Lockdown is normal !!But i think they should teach whole city's about LOCKDOWN!!
no they will not lockdown wal-mart because this does not serve the agenda yet!! Start with impressionable-teachable kids.
but our children are taught lockdown is normal and expected. except for wal-mart does not need "LOCKDOWN PROTECTION"
so i guess that they only care about our childrens welfare not the Business owners or anyone except TEACHABLE-IMPRESSIONABLE CHILDREN.
Do they lockdown Wal-Mart? No all they ever LOCKDOWN is PRISONS and SCHOOLS. 12 square miles of schools were locked down not one Business!!
now lets re-visit Prison like "LOCKDOWNS" of our impressionable school children. Do they lock down the 7-11 on the corner by the school?
"INTERNATIONAl"(SOCIALIST)Corporations who redistribute your wealth to Socialist-Communist Country's tell you this is free-trade BUT is it?
precisely why X-mas was introduced! More pharoah-pyramid worship less christ worship. Pyramidical corporate structure is a religion.
because egyptian pharoahs were buried with their arms crossed in a X, Hence X-Mas which means MORE X just like Christmas means more Christ!
AMD,HSBC Bank,just too many to list the Marks being used for TRADEMARKS are all neo-egyptian in origin,the X is being used as well Why?
Pyramids or triangles are quite prevalent also.Cat,Ashley,Delta Airlines,Delta faucets,Citgo gas,History channel,Bridgestone tires,ect.YMCA.
The Nike swoosh or the Newport cig's swoosh or others who use the swoosh ..look around,swooshes are everywhere in corporate Trademarks.
Mastercard and discover use the sun!The triangle depicts a pyramid. And the corporations that you buy from have thier BUY&SELL marks.
Trademarks or BUY&SELL(TRADE)MARKS are a reality! You alredy use a mark when you use your Bankcard. Look at the V on VISA a little triangle!
soon 666 umbrella Mega-Corporations will be where you buy&sell everything. And by that time the communist will have manuvered into position!
because you want a short term R.O.I. you are condemming your children to Communist rule! With the merger and aquisitions accelerating
pretty far fetched that communist could weild such power here in the Good ole' USA Wake up they will buy the fortune 500 and you will comply
yes, everything you use trademarks(buy&sellmarks) for will come from 666 communist corporation's This is the future...... this will happen!
soon lockdowns will become more commonplace for vocal dissent. It will not be tolerated by our communist LEADERS!! The Fortune500(666-soon!)
children will be on 'lockdown" . Interesting that jailhouse venacular is used to describe and implement "CONTROL" at a impressionable age.
to reflect communist ideology! Like the boiled frog the heat will be turned on slowly till the frog boils. This is your future!
Soon Communist will build factory's and invest large amounts of capital in the U.S. but then they will expect legislation to reflect ....
Short term R.O.I. is all you care about. The Communist however look long term! Our Ideology is me,me,theirs is we,we,So redistribute your...
The CHINESE will soon invest heavily in the USA And write laws similar to their own.Hell the Patriot act was written by a "former" Communist
I do admire the COMMUNIST tenacity! They will buy our politicians who will tell us be grateful we have a U.S. factory to slave in!!!
see the communist party influence already! and they are not really started yet!They are going to build factory's here and write legislation!
This is prophecy ! they will come and conquer.because all you care about is short term R.O.I. think about this Invest and conquer ENDGAME!!
Chao?  look at her record! With enough money trown at are elected we could resemble china in no  time. they will INVEST MASSIVE Amounts SOON
yes, with their massive investments will come massive influence!! Remember the last labor secratary what was that Chinese womans name?......
who submits the vast majority of legaslation(LAWS) in the U.S.? The fortune500! soon to be  a lot communist influence.After all look......at
Well the CEO'S are working on that believe you me, I believe China is going to invest quite a bit in USA real soon!! that's great or......??
these fortune 500 love Communist governance or they would not invest all YOUR MONEY there would they? If only AMERICA could be communist!!!
use American wealth and redistribute it  to socialist-communist countries to build roads,water-sewer systems ect to support slave factorys
All the fortune 500 are incorporated as Internationals this is also no accident!Odd they are behaving in a very marxist tradition.
This redistributing of the wealth to socialist-communist country's  via our Stock Market is no accident! Study the Internationalist Movement
actually all are being tricked but christians should know this one,trademarks=buy and sell marks!! But back to the Secular Humanists
You are being tricked! especially  Christian's.. you remember Revalations don't you Buy and sell Marks or TRADE(buy&sell)MARKS=Trademarks
he fooled the nations most well learned men!! The redistributinng-Investing in communist-socialist country's is another pyramid scheme!!!!!!
He fooled the nations most well learned men!! The redistributing-investing in communist-socialist countrys is another pyramid scheme!!!
your only looking at the R.O.I. short term! The long term economic consequences you have no clue. Bernie Madoff fooled some of the most.....
redistributing wealth to Communist-socialist country's.And you are only concerned about your R.O.I., Not long term consequences politically
I believe he is a socialist, redistributing wealth is a basic tenant of socialist ideology. In my opinion WALL STREET is a vehicle for.....
so does this make Mr.Awad of Zephyr management A Socialist? well redistributing-Investing wealth in a communist country would lead me to...
yes HU Jintao is coming to look at his sattelite country(USA).. Jim Awad of ZEPHYR MANAGEMENT says redistribute-INVEST your wealth in CHINA!
The synopsis or key to this is.. collapse of the U.S. economy.Then people(SLAVES) will be ready for Communist labor policys. Hu Jintao is...
You can not stop this redistribution of wealth all you can do is not  participate! WE WILL!! be a Communist HYBRID!! It can not be stopped!!
How you ask? with the global economic meltdown that is inevitable.The Introduction of Trademarks(buy&sell)Marks as a means of commerce.
note to the investors. all your gains as a result of this redistribution(Investment) of wealth to communist country's.lt will be nullified
until we adopt Communist slave labor policys the CEO's(fortune500) redistribution of wealth will continue to go to Communist infrastructure!
Now the GREEN JOBS are moving to communist slave Markets. A solar panel comp.lay's off 800, This was supposed to be are new economic engine!
If we continue to invest in Communist country's their ideology demands "GLOBILIZATION" Of their political way of life. They are Communist's!
So why am I so emphatic about this redistribution of wealth via the stock Market? because it is funneled to SLAVE LABOR MARKETS!!
This is a INTERNATIONALIST "HYBRID" these fortune 500 are being used to fund this current International movement toward Marxist Governance
That is why they are legally incorporated as INTERNATIONAL'S. Remember the first "INTERNATIONALIST" Movement? the second?the third movement?
so invest into the fortune 500 and watch your country slowly gravitate to socialism-communism..CEO'S love Communist Governance!!
Would the fortune 500 return the manufacturing to America if it were More Communistic in it's Governance?? Of Course they would!
It will become Communist America because all the fortune 500 will go to where there's Communist Governance,America 2012,The new world order?
Please quit redistributing Americas wealth by investing in Corporations that gravitate to communistic style governance or eventually it will
Marxist hybrid that we call the Fortune 500 Internationalist Corporations are 100% in favor of Communistic rule. oxymoronic?? not really!!
Yes, if you want manufacturing to return to the USA then overthrow the democracy and establish Communism. Yes the corporations will return!!
Internationalist Corporations love communist Goverment. That is why they go to these countries. Would they love USA if it were Communist???
a leopard does not change it's spots. You are investing in Communism and socialism. Soon you will be living in a Communist Country
When you invest into stock that at its heart manufacturing then you are funding primarily communist economic growth, you must like Communist
I was watching CNN and this one analyst talking about Communisms explosive economic growth. Capitalism will pay for communism's spread
Because in all your Intellect you will redistribute to foriegn countries before you take care of your own.
Donate to your non-profit NGO and redistribute your money to other countries. wonder why were not able to provide for our own?
So when you invest into the fortune 500 you are redistributing your wealth to China,Vietnam,India's infrastructure, you MARXIST!
95% of the money invested in the fortune 500 is invested in communist Countrys.so they must love communist governance! Do You?
You must be blind not to see the parallels between Corporate America and the socialist partys agendas.
Invest into Wall street and redistribute your wealth to the communist.Build factorys for Communist. Build roads and sewer systems for them.
What is the diff between International Corporate redistribution of wealth and the Internationalist Partys redistribution of wealth? NONE!
Hard to believe that we are participating in the demise of our own country by redistributing our wealth to Communist China. Argue that!!!
So everthing in business is now about redistrubution of wealth, Every Dollar you invest in Wall Street just about gets spent in COMMUNIST ..
Globalized govenance would also serve the fortune 500 well. so first transfer the Capital then usher in Socialist world governance.
It all makes perfect sense that these fortune 500 are practicing redistribution of the wealth. everything is not as it appears
So in summation Capitalist Wall street is practicing Socialism on a good day. and being they are incorporated as Internationalist(socialist)
are redistribiting American wealth to A communist country(CHINA) among others!! Then you further redistribute by buying their toxic crap!
If this is not redistribution of the American wealth what is? So best I can tell these fortune 500 Internationalist Corporations............
All your investment in wall st. ends up building infrastructure in third world economys. It is not just cheap slave labor.....
All the fortune 500 corporations are legally incorporated as Internationals coincidence? Well when all are moving to.....
How about redistrubution of the wealth? Oneof fundamental aspects of socialism or of the Internationalist Party.And all the fortune 500
So are the Hiring freezes really going to reduce the deficit???? Please re-read my previous tweets
Chew on that! and as always TRADEMARKS ARE TRADE= (BUY and SELL) and trademarks are buy and sell marks!!!(REVELATIONS-BIBLE) truth!!!
I said or we use our tax dollars to fund a small minority business rivival.The same amount of bloated Goverment spending either way.TRUTH!!
So pick your poison, the census bur.(MAJORITY) or Labor dept. AVERAGE and were reducing Goverment by Hiring Freezes? OR.........
To keep the "MAJORITY" clawing to get to the top of their economic pyramid's. Someday if I work hard I will get that 50 cent raze(my pun)!
Only the labor depts AVERAGE, How long I waited to hear on the news what the MAJORITY are Making..IT will not happen! Why?....
That the "MAJORITY"of Americans for example make $10.00 per hour quite a disparity!!!! But your six news outlets never speak of the MAJORITY
Averaging is Bill Gates and a Mcdonalds worker divided by two.....So everyone is Half a bilionaire. Now the Census Buerau tells us.....
Now a word about the dept. of labor. They for example will tell you that the "AVERAGE" American makes say 20.00$ per hour. Well now........
Some to minority owned and female business, it is only a hiring freeze, it is not a reduced budget by any stretch for ANY Goverment agency
And you will believe that a true economic recovery is at hand!! Some will be outsourced to NGO'S(nonprofits)(Ha HA)
The bloated goverment will still be bloated! They will factor in the outsourcing in the new budgets. You'll never hear that on MSNBC or CNN
They are starting to outsource already. Small business is benifiting tremendously. But this does not save a dime of federal money.
going to be spent,  it looks as if the private sector is having a rivival but it is still bloated goverment spending. At the Veterans admin.
This will be a boom to the small business sector. especially the Minority or Female business owners. the same amount of Money is ...
So I hear that there is a Federal Hiring freeze. Hmmm....well I guess some of the bloated federal agency's Will start outsourcing
remember FEMA gave vouchers to VICTIMS to buy the furniture you donated!!! Welcome to the real world! Your taxed to donate!! MORONS!!
The money has to come from somewhere!!!.Mainly YOU!! and as you have seen they are not what they appear to be!!!! That is efficient Gov ???
But it's great for the CHURCH-Corporation! Then the Tax shortfalls as a result of these non-profits exempt status increases your burden
So if your Christian your non-profit corporation(CHURCH) is making it possible not to sacrafice!!! by giving your itemized tax-deduction!
via FEMA to give it to the victim. unbelievable!!! But the NON-Profit Corporation makes out like a Fat RAT!! Investigate! do not take my...
So.... Your(FEMA) taxes bought the couch that you donated!! unfrickin real!! But you got to write it off right? But then your taxed........
People of New Orleans to use in the non-profits thrift store!! So... you donate and then your tax dollars buy that couch for the Victim
Another miracle!! you get to write off your donation!And they would sell to the goverment(Fema) Via vouchers that FEMA issued to the.....
During Hurricane Katrina Taxpayer money was funneled to faith based non- profit Corporations. People donated couches,food,cars,ect..
And its a miracle! He may write off all his donations!! making his sacrafice voided.And the Faith based Initiative's are really interesting
Because at the end of the year he recieves his corporate(church)Itemized list of donations,which he takes to H&R Block at tax time
Well he Tithes because he is mandated by the scriptures.This ostensibly requires sacrafice. But John Doe tithes and is tricked!
Why? because there was no tax base left everyone was Tax exempt.So lets see what a CHRISTIAN gets from His non-profit corporation(Church)
So now lets look at the Non-Profit(Ha!Ha!) arena. Well there was a Texas city just outside of Houston tx. that banned new Non-profits
Look up yahoo sometime... maybe in Communist Russias LEXICON, They are getting a good laugh at the "PROGRAMMED YAHOO'S"
I sign off with this staple...TRADE=BUYING&SELLING.TRADEMARKS are BUY AND SELL MARKS! What does this mean my intelligensia or YAHOO's
If Russia dumped its vast hoards of  jewels they would be worth about the same as glass. Debeers won't allow that! Free Markets HA! Ha! Ha!
Whistles blowing, bulls snortin,Buttons slammed.. Thats sound finacial advice Invest in Gold,How about cornering the market on Diamonds
Censored Propaganda thats America! love these financial gurus with all the  sit-com theatrics. thats the level of the masses understanding.
Explain the difference to me. In the college textbook Mass Media and Society it states all news is derived & parceled from six sources.
Programming via media ..for your mind ..why do you think they call Television Programming. We call Chinas programming censored propaganda!!
The game of Chess with capital is played with those at the top. The matching 401k masses always lose in the end.Just like in Russia
Capitalistic Russia?? Well I guess if your a broker at the top. The people are not capitalist just the leaders. More and more just like USA
Personally when I look at Putins Russia I think I see Americas future. Communism and Socialism are in my book the same
It appears at odds with conventional "wisdom" Until you look at the agendas both want world domination with their respective "theology's"
So the fortune 500 intentionally ally themselves with the Internationalists(socialists) by incorporating as Internationals.
Now.. I know this is muddy water... start at the begining of the tweets and try to think outside the box(pyramid)
If you remember or care about nothin else... TRADE is Buying and selling and trademarks are buying and selling marks, REMEMBER........
ANY QUESTIONS??
The Multi Nationals are no different than the communist... world domination is the agenda. And everyone will suffer when this also fails!!!
The same people who teach the reasons for the USSR collapse are participating-Validating this new Hybrid corporate PYRAMID that will fail!!
Personally I believe we are doomed and that Nostradamas,the Mayan,Chinese,hopi indians 2012 teachings might not be so far fetched.
The capitalistic pyramid is doomed to failure, History shows this Time and time again.Specifically that Pyramidical structure fails always
the super ego, ID ect.. is a pyramidical structure of the mind... its whats taught, what if that were not taught. or adhered to!
Just like the communist USSR. Complete with a Stalin like C.E.O. the parallels are astonding once you contemplate these collectives of 2011
A cashless society only works with the annilation of pyramidical thinking!  These MEGA MULTI-NATIONALS will crumble under their own weight!
The very minimum of infrastructure is exactly what has ensured it's succes. no I am not tea party stooge. More like Gene Roddenburys eutopia
A more circular dynamic may be impossible to institute. A.A. has a interesting dynamic in that they have no leaders just trusted servants.
666 corporations too big too fail is the end game. The corporate pyramid from top to bottom will fail! more circular type of infrastructure
Then collapse of monetary systems that currently exist. At that point the Buy and sell mark will become a staple of commerce
the merger and aquisition frenzy of the last decade or so I believe 666 Multinational corporations will umbrella everything you buy and sell
And sadly this pyramiding mentality is so pervasive that our chances are almost nil. Wal-Mart WILL BECOME TOO BIG TO FAIL.
because world domination with your product is end game for you.This idea of world domination has to smashed if human kind is to survive.
with relatively low standards, As CEO of the fortune 500(666) you would be very interested in a level playing field on the global level.
Not to mention currency flucuations.You have 20 or so countries with relatively high standards of living, a couple of hundred with.....
in america it takes approx.1 weeks pay for this O.S. in africa it is a years labor.Hard to market something globally within these parameters
Bill Gates has an operating system that he wants to dominate the global market with... But with this vast chasm of income disparity globally
If this mirror to the European union arises I believe it will collapse in short order.The fortune 500 currently have a minefield to navigate
With the final outcome to be Global collapse of the International Monetary system. The talk of a North American Union is just talk!
It is my conviction that the stock market is being intentionally manipulated to de-sensitize us to the rising and falling of the Market
so by now most of you are screaming conspiracy theory. well i love what one show says,Not all conspiracy's are theory!!!
scuse me it was Leonardo who was almost burned. My point is things are not as they may appear
Michaelangelo was to be burned alive at one point,for drawing a helicopter!So I do not expect understanding.
I do not spread this doom and gloom w/o a alternate world vision. ASK!Einstien was at one point thought ill of
It always fails they put lipstick on a pig and call it enlightend change! I may seem to rant.. I am aware. Your not!  Try!
so the ILLUMINATI of this world are in for the trick of a lifetime. I think most have no idea how ingrained PYRAMIDICAL Thinking is.
Bernie Maddoff showed the most "educated" people in the world may be tricked!!! TRIX are for kids grow up.pyramidical living will fail..
so everyone suffers trying to do the same old thing over and over expecting different results. Let me know when your ready to stop
These behemoth Internationals will fail as well, pyramidical civilization since Pharoahs time have risen and fallen,this one is no different
The bigger the corporations get the more they look like big GOVERMENT with all the ineffiency and waste. Do you really want to depend....
How many of the fortune 500 are too big to fail already? I contend smaller independent cells need to be created so if one small cell fails..
How big does wal-mart need to get before we can not let it fail? soon it will be part of this corporate-- nation-state Internationalist,&gt;GOV
and they will use the trademarks(buy and sellmarks) to conduct the Internationalist agenda, Is wal mart toobig to fail?
We are getting close in that soon everthing you eat,buy,read, will be delivered by the loving umbrella of 666 Multinational corporations...
Internationalist Infrastructure,Please note all the fortune 500 are Internationals legally , I have been watching mergers and aquisitions..
the globalist Internationalist infrastructure is in place. A Global economic collapse will usher in the buy and sell marks and the ...
Internationalist Unions,Internationalist Police-Interpol,United nations,Internationalist court.As you see....
Internationaliast Monetary fund.Internationalist Bank,Internationalist Atomic Energy commision,World trade organization,World Health org.
I find this is  a difficult forum to get my Ideas across.but i will continue and hope that this will begin to make sense to you
synopsis... is are you ready for the corporate rule. by design it is coming!!
they will be a study in efficiency (ha) they will collapse under their own weight just like communist USSR.  They will be to big to fail!
"INTERNATIONALIST" CORPORATIONS are creating their own Goverment structure so when this system fails non-profit NGO'S can replace them
Thank you we now have "International" Heiroglyphics that are global in stature. If education continues this way, they will need symbols
International heiroglyphics are making easy for our children who can not read at high school level understand in any country in the world.
A triangle with a lighting bolt contained within.Your dog can not poop where you see a circle and a line across a squatting dog
ISO International Standards organization who create those neo heiroglyphics you see. the circle with a burning cigarette a line accross it
well I got off track. We have a global network of INTERNATIONALS to replace current Goverments Like the International Court, International
watching for infringements. So if I were to start a for profit Corporation today I would also start a non-profit to mirror my for profit
Gates foundation. While they do some great work. it creates a Tax Haven for his FOR-Profit operations. Like internet police
NGO-non-profit has an unfair Tax advantage,previously could not operate-compete with for profits. Lets look at one example...Bill &Melinda..
Thats right the # of non-profit organizations has exploded into realms previously considered taboo. because lets say their Home building....
So everything you see big goverment doing is being mirrored,augmented ect..By NGO's,Could this be a Hybrid Socialist Movement?
Salvation Army, Red cross, United Way ect.. they all provide with taxpayer assitance things that the socialist goverments provide
lets talk about the NGO's(non govermental org.) of the Multinational(Internationalist) world. They provide much of non-material goods
So these pillars of capitalism utilize a word that historically had SOCIALIST under-pennings as well as world domination at their core.
as Internationals. not significant? well there is no precedent for the usage of this word with a capital I other than Marxist socialism.....
Being murdered. officially this is the fourth incarnation currently. But lets look at legal filings of the Fortune 500 all are incorporated
The capital I is key to understanding this International Movement. You see it has had four sucessive attempts. With some of the leaders.....
Back to the first INTERNATIONAL which was a socialist movement in devoutly communist Stalins USSR it went thru dissolution and re-invention
highly centralized form of Governance will fail just as the U.S.S.R. failed!! But back to what International's definition is......
it could not fail. My point is when these INTERNATIONAL corporations get that big they are just as ineffiecent as communism was in USSR
How about YUM YUM foods all over China and America they are commited to world Domination with thier fast food franchise's AIG was so big ...
You look at Wal-Mart and what you see is a Corporation intent on Global domination in there respective niche, just like Dell computers
Internationals have a facet similar to Globalist's,and Multinational Corporations, which is to say they are bent on World Domination
now lets look at some words, "International"according to History the first International movement started under Stalin In communist USSR
glenhenrypearson@yahoo.com. I have escaped the "Matrix" will you join me?
Start over with all this writing and pray for understanding. Questions? want to explain it all to me .How i got it wrong? I am all ear's
or maybe the fish,? no they are not there... sorry this PHAROAHS WORLD the SUN IS "KING" not JESUS the SON. And your Particapating!!!!!!!
So for today this it look at your favorite trademarks are they Pyramids,swoosh,crescents,eye of horus,halo's,sun rays or the Christian cross
I pray that those who read this that you understand what I am saying,I will repeat this till there is no breath in me! It gets deeper
My oh, My I get confused Motherland,Fatherland,Homeland. Thank GOD.. this I believe is the last episode of Pyramidical Societies!
Stalin Motherland,Hitler was the Fatherland, now we reside in A.. HOMELAND, I did not like the first two and this one seems to be worse yet
First it was the Motherland of stalin, Then came Hitler a few decades later, then a few more decades...................
Your main credit cards are all using the MARKS, Will it be the aforementioned marks? Maybe..Maybe not, but they are working towards it!!
Not there yet! but the birth pains have begun. contemplate these truths for a while. You know you are already using a buy and sell mark
The loving umbrella from which all good and holy things come from, 666 "International" Mega-Corporations using a universal Mark
Just think of it!! the fortune 500 and 166 other corporations globally as a place where you Buy and sell everything. The loving umbrella!!
xerox,rain-x ect..look at trademarks an you'll see exaggerated X'S everywhere. A celabration of the Globilized New World Order to come!!
so more pharoah worship less christ worship hence X-Mas(more)and look at the cadillachybrid trademark,X-Games,Xtreme,Xtra,triple-xxx
That is the origion of the XM sattelite radio symbol, the celebration of pharoah worship X-Mas. Mas being defined as more,
Now a look at the letter X, as in X-MAS. Well the Pharoahs were construed to be GODS and when they were buried it was with arms crossed in X
Now lets look at our credit cards Mastercard two SUNS,..Discover,the O is a SUN and your VISA uses a small Pyramid attached to the V
Did I mention the pagan symbol the eye of Horus of TIME WARNER cable a egyptian symbol time eternal
Almost 99.99% never will u see a corporation with Christian symbolism. It is all PAGAN SUN GOD-NEO-EGYPTIAN SYMBOLISM.
your doing BOTH!! Not that I care, It's your perogative.THe only thing i care about is exposing some truths.
So it worked for the early"CHURCH" to increase its revenues the tradition continues.Who do you worship the SUN or SON or without realizing
See how often your ads in your magazines-TV. ads have sun rays emanating from them or a Halo I think you'll be surprised
Now when you have a product to sell like crest toothpaste it has the SUN emanating behind it,orNicorette gum,the Halo or sun  behind cont...
and you now get sun god people and people who worshipped the SON all titheing to the same church. So the Halo became associated with "GOOD"
The early Christian church who worshipped the SON was competing with the  worship of the Sun God. Put a "HALO"(SUN") behind the head cont...
A couple thousand years ago. The sun was placed behind the heads of saints,I.E.Virgin Mary,This was a melding of worship of the sun & son
there is the sun God "Ra" depicted as a wing orb, Like the Chrysler symbol or the Mini cooper,Bently,Montenegro, Harley&Victory Bikes
something similar to the Sci fi swoosh's, It's a crescent, flip thru your magazines and count the crescent's and swoosh's as trademarks
Yes newport inversely uses one. Burger King uses one,Vytorin the drug uses two,Start watching your favorite products trademark and yall see
Today well examine more neo-egyptian symbolism. Specifically the "Swoosh" Like NIKE swoosh on your sneakers,Wait! Newport cigarettes swoosh
Well who remembers what a TRADEMARK Is? Well if you guessed a Buy and sell = (trade) mark Your RIGHT!!!
The wet floor sign, The Principal Finacial group,Well thats enough triangles-pyramids for now, Start with my first tweet
Elmers glue,BNY Mellon Wealth Management triangles,The growth coach,BTW,AEROFLEX,Micro lamda Wireless,Aerotech career placement agency
THE FOOD PYRAMID, the pyramid on your money, or the corner of your V in the VIsa card,Fidelity Investments Pyramid,Eucerin Sun Defense.
Spiriva Inhalers pyramid,FX channel MARK, Gannett Flemming Advisors triangle,The old Goverment Information Awareness Office Pyramid
Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online, kyocera Trademark,ULORIC, Triangle,AMD Athlon,Regions Bank,Vector West porfolio management triangle MARK
Air force Bird Trademark tip of wings triangle,Bissell,Georgia pacific triangles,The registered Realtor R with a triangle foot on the R
Manchester Finacial triangle,Pyramid books,Ralco co,PIAGGIO AERO Triangles,Shaw triangle,sleep number triangles,International paper,
Vavoline oil Mark,BMG Distribution,Co-op National Credit union,Falken tire, American Diabetes Association,UAS Labratories pyramid
California almonds Buy and Sell mark(trademark),Graff Jewelry,Trijicon,Touratech,Pyramid Beer,Pyramid Cigs,Volunteers of america Trademark
They all have triangles or more specifically Pyramids as you will learn as time goes on. How about Garmin mobile maps device,Nabisco cookies
Lets look at Benjamin Moore Paints Trade MARK HSBC Banks mark,Bridgestone Tires mark,ACE Hardwares mark,Delta airlines,Addidas,Bass Beer
Lets start looking for triangles in corporate Trade=buy&sell Marks. Trademarks(symbols) are being used like the flag or cross or swatika
Come on solemen stocks spread the Gospel!! save yourself-shareholders.  I do not know how this will end..But I know where it will begins
The buy and sell mark(TradeMark) must be squashed in all of it's incarnation's!! Or you will become it's slave.Sorry..... you are already!!!
name a few of your favorite swooshes and pyramid triangle marks lets not forget the fortune 500 use neo egyptian symbolism over the world!
This is only the beginnings of the revelations for the Majority who are so de-sensitized. Welcome to the real world the "MATRIX" sucks
The cattle proudly wear their brand.Maybe like Guess jeans pyramid-triangle on their ass The C.E.O overviewing the "HERD" with  pleasure
How about the triangle on the History channel Buy and sell Mark(trademark) or book T.V. channel as well as several others using it
oh and How about the Young mens christian asoc. Y.M.C.A. Trademark Y with a triangle incorporated within or the One on the V on your visa
Today, we will not even get started on who all uses the pyramid MARK,Thousands upon thousands,Cat deisel,Citgo gas,addidas,Ashley furniture
Or how about the Newport cigs swoosh trademark(trade=buy and sell)Mark. And countless others who use a swoosh
I find interesting who follows this. Trademarks are logos what is a logo? And do you have a brand on you? Nike swoosh maybe?
Now lets think about your wearing their brand on you! Like cattle!
Trademarks = Trade=(buy and sell) MARKS!! Any Questions?
