HeroWinnipeg
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/2831320526/33cd071c468107d48f0deefbcb7d1398_400x400.jpeg
Snowflakes possible Wed eve. No accumulation likely until ground freezes and temps stay below 0.
Snow falling Friday but no accumulation expected. Hero is monitoring. Stay posted in case things change.
Wet snow expected Thurs night. Temp to be above 0 so no accumulation expected. Clearing is unlikely.
This year's route should take 6 hours to complete. We can likely clear snow by morning, if it stops before 1am. Clearing is OVERNIGHT ONLY.
Final 2015-16 winter list is posted. Pay attention to live updates to know the plan of action for each snow event, or other service info.
Winter list has 2 openings left. Once these fill, final route order will be posted. Best guess is 1 week, Nov 1 at latest. Stay posted.
Summer services are finished for 2015. Only 4 spots avail for winter snow removal. Once these are filled, final winter route will be posted.
Reminder: After one time cut on Oct 8, equipment will be stored and locked for winter. No cuts will be possible.
Regular weekly cutting is complete for summer 2015. Only the optional 1 time cut on Oct 8 remains, for current customers only.
Reminder: Sept 20-23 is the last scheduled mow of summer. Optional cut will be on Oct 8. Call to book. Billed extra. Current customers only.
As of now we do not want to do extra cuts but if it rains there may be no choice. Extra cuts would be charged at premium to reflect this.
If it rains the expected 2" this weekend it's unlikely growth will slow by last cut (only 3 cuts remain).If rain passes growth should slow.
Severe lightning will delay cutting.
Aggressive cutting heights will continue until end of season (Sept 21-25). If weather co-operates, grass may stay under control for autumn.
Due to rain, cutting height will be lowered until end of season to get grass under control. Last cut of season is Sept 21-25.
All lawns complete
Delays may push some customers to wed, will post update end of day if this is the case.
Operator suffered a major fall. Cutting is still in progress but will be delayed while contingency plan is put into action. Stay posted.
Miraculously all lawns are done by end of Tues. Thanks for choosing Hero.
Rain has furthered our delays. It's doubtful all customers will be finished by end of Tues. Update will be posted at 9:30pm Tues night.
As expected, cutting is behind due to the heat. It's unknown if all customers will be complete by end of Tues. Stay posted.
Slight head start was achieved Sunday in case of Mon rain/heat. Cutting heights are going higher gradually the next few weeks if required.
Due to heat and possible rain Monday, some Mon lawns will be done today (Sun) so cutting does not fall behind later in the week.
Rain in Tues forecast may push back cutting by a day.
Today's cutting may occur earlier than normal as a few properties were done Sun, to account for the heat slowing cutting down.
As expected all customers were complete as of Tuesday.
Roughly 1 hour behind after cutting day 1. Unless a major hiccup occurs Tuesday, all customers should be complete by end of day.
Cutting has begun. Currently 2h behind normal time. Will update at the end of cutting today after 9pm to estimate how Tues will be affected.
Cutting will begin today when it dries up. Once cutting begins an estimated delay for all weekly customers will also be posted.
Rain and Thunder in Monday morning forecast so some lawns will be cut today (Sunday) so delays aren't noticed later in the week.
Due to rain delays and excessive growth some of St Vital and all of Royalwood will be bumped to Wed.
7:15am June 16: Delays are continuing from yesterday's rain. It's highly likely that some late Tues grass customers will be bumped to Wed.
8:20am June 15: Rain is causing delays this morning. Some Monday customers may be bumped to Tuesday.
All cutting is complete before the rain. No delays occurred. Hero 1, mother nature 0.
Attempt to finish all lawns Tues before 2" of rain falls. No guarantees. If we miss, cutting will be delayed a day or two until lawns dry.
We're going to do everything to prevent cutting delays this week, but 3"of rain are forecast so delays are possible. Stay posted.
Lots of rain in the forecast this week so we're going to get a head start on lawns by cutting a few tonight (Sun).
As of now the pace looks good to get all customers finished cutting by end of Wed.
8:30 May 19 - cutting has begun. All customers should be complete by end of Wed but a post will be made if that's not possible.
4pm May 18: No cutting today. Tues morn frost delay until ~9am. The goal is to finish all cutting by end of Wed but Thurs may be needed.
10:10am May 18: If the snow melts today we may try to cut a few lawns. Frost on Tues morn could last until 10am causing further delays.
5:29pm May 17: Snow still in forecast and a deep lingering frost on Tues morn as well. All cutting will be delayed this week. Be advised.
1:20pm May 17: 2" of snow forecast to fall overnight. If this occurs all cutting will be delayed or pushed back an entire day. Stay posted.
IMPORTANT: Snow &amp; cold temps in Monday forecast. Cutting days may be bumped back one day (IE Mon becomes Tues, and so on). Stay posted.
First cut of the season is May 4. As of now it's a 2 day route so all customers will be cut on a Mon or Tues unless a rain delay occurs.
First summer lawn cutting will be between May 4-May 8. Days will be different than last year so please be advised.
Tracking for summer will be used for interruptions to service only. The "play by play" is not used in summer.
Snow season is done. Any snow that falls will melt quicker than we can respond. Thank you for choosing Hero this winter.
Interesting stat, this season had 24 visits while last season had 29 visits. Not as much of a difference as one would think.
All customers have been checked.
Checkups are occurring. No snow recognized yet. Will check all customers to make sure as the winds were strong today.
1:16pm April 2: 1" trigger has been met. Snow and blowing to continue into the late evening. Service will occur overnight at no added cost.
If this snow accumulates 1 inch a service will occur tonight. Even though contracts are done we take care of our customers! Stay posted
All customers have been serviced as of 11pm. Lots of precipitation in forecast so we will be watching if temps are cold enough for more snow
Route in progress - heading to #85. All customers will be complete by 2am.
Some melting occurred today but a checkup of all properties will begin before 6:30. All customers will be complete by 2am.
7AM: 1" has fallen and will continue falling until 11am, but 70kph winds to cause drifting all day. Service will begin at 8pm tonight.
All customers complete before midnight. Be ready for one more blast of snow Tues night and Wed day. Service likely Wed overnight.
Route in progress - heading to 62.
Route in progress - heading to #126. All customers should be cleared by 2am
5:40pm: Service will begin by 6:30. Total of 2" fell. All customers should be complete by 2am. Another 2-4" coming Wed, service Wed night.
As of 5:45am 1 inch has fallen and will continue until 11am. If it doesn't all melt, service will begin Mon 8pm. Wed is the bigger snowfall.
Mon morning snowfall looks like it might melt away before we have a chance to clear it. We are monitoring. Big snow still forecast for Wed.
March is going out like a lion. Please keep an eye on our updates as some serious snow is forecast this week.
1 inch possible Mon early morning. If we get it, we clear Mon night. Up to 4 inches possible Wed, clearing Wed night as of now. Stay posted.
Scattered snow possible until Wed Mar 25. Up to 4 inches possible on Mon/Tues. If we get 1" service will occur. Winter's not over yet!
A quick blast of snow is possible Wed morning. If we get an inch and it stays, service will be tonight.
Rain possible tonight we will monitor to make sure it doesn't turn to snow. Service unlikely.
All customers complete just after 4am.
Service has begun. All customers should be cleared by 4am including the "spring forward" time change.
Service will begin once snow stops falling, as 1 inch will accumulate. Forecast says 9pm, but we will wait until it actually stops.
Half inch to 1 inch could fall this evening. If we get an inch, service will occur tonight.
Unmeasurable skiff of snow has fallen. No service will occur.
Forecast changed. Inch of snow possible Fri night now with nothing. If we get an inch, service will be Fri night (tonight).
Half inch possible Fri eve and another 0.5" possible Sat. If this occurs service would have 1" by Sat night and service would occur then.
No snow or drifting has occurred. No service will occur.
1" snow possible Mon night ending Tues 5am with drifting occurring most of Tues. If 1" or major drifting occurs, service will be Tues night.
Unmeasurable amount of snow has fallen, less than 0.25 inch. No service will occur.
Quick blast of snow occurring. It was not forecast. We are monitoring. Stay posted for accumulation report.
All customers complete as of 12:30 am.
Route in progress - heading to #107. All customers should be complete 2am.
Route in progress. Estimated completion 2am.
Service will begin in less than an hour. All customers will be cleared by morning.
Service will begin around 7pm Tues evening. Please have cars off driveway and garbage bins 10 feet to either side of driveway if applicable.
Also of note, the snow squall warning by Enviro Canada wasn't posted until 9pm Mon night and the squall was active through Tues morn.
Now 50kph gusts all day Tues causing drifting. Snow will be cleared Tues night. Doing our best with what mother nature gives us.
Late night forecast change. More blowing and snow could fall until 5am. Drifting checkup postponed until Tues night.
Essentially no snow has fallen. A drifting check will occur to make sure no drives blew in.
The system heading our way has split on the radar and may miss Wpg. We're watching. Drifting may still require service tonight. Stay posted.
Update: Snow and drifting Mon aft. More snow/blowing until around midnight. Service will start around midnight.
1 inch possible Monday with massive drifting Mon aft. Winds should calm by evening. Service likely Mon night.
No service will occur. The blowing snow was just a quick blast. Less than 1/4". No drifting noticed either. Call if you have drifting.
Blowing snow is occurring. It was not forecast so we are unsure how much will fall. We are monitoring.
No service will occur. Winds are high but as noted last night, snow is settled. So no drifting is noticed. If you have drifting let us know.
As of 2:30pm Fri only a skiff has fallen since route began. No drifting noticed. Fri night service NOT likely. Stay posted.
All customers serviced. Winds were high enough last night that snow should be settled. Will monitor today (Fri), for drifting just in case.
There was a change of plans as snow stopped falling at 230am. Service began then. All customers will be complete by 8am.
As of 2am it's still snowing. Drifting forecast Fri aft so we need to let the snow settle or else it blows in behind us. Service Fri night.
An inch of snow could fall Thurs night into Fri morn. High winds to cause drifting all Fri so service would occur Fri night. Stay posted.
All customers have been serviced. Reminder that 1" trigger was not met, previous route was due to drifting.
Route has begun. Customers should have drifting checked by 4am.
Service will begin around 8pm when drifting calms. A surprising amount of drifting of dense snow has occurred with this Arctic blast.
A surprising amount of blowing is occurring. Stay posted as it progresses to see if service will occur tonight.
Skiff of snow has fallen this morn. High winds this aft, but it's unlikely there is enough snow to cause severe drifting. Service unlikely.
All customers complete.
Route has begun. All customers should be serviced by 4am.
Only a half inch of snow has fallen, but high winds all afternoon will cause drifting. Service will begin late tonight around 10pm.
One inch possible Sun morn. Residential parking ban is in effect so don't park on city streets this time. Service possible Sun night.
All drifting has been checked and cleaned as necessary. Half inch of snow possible Thurs. Service unlikely. Stay posted as forecast nears.
Route in progress - heading to #114. All customers should have drifting checked by 1am.
A drifting checkup will begin within the hour.
All customers serviced by 3am. More drifting to occur Wed so a drifting checkup will occur Wed night to clean up drifts.
Route in progress - heading to #111. All customers should be done by 4am. Drifting is likely all day Wed with service likely Wed night.
Service to begin at 9pm Tues. High winds to occur Tues night and all day Wed. If drifting occurs, service will also occur Wed night.
As of now, Tues service will start around 8pm. This will change as storm ends so stay posted as time goes on for exact start time.
Tell the world about Hero by writing us a review. Gmail account required. Thanks! https://t.co/wlD2svzHkd
2-4 inches expected Tues. Service Tues night.
No more flurries have fallen so service won't occur. Next snowfall expected Tues with service likely Tues night.
We keep getting scattered skiff's of snow. Accumulation is 0.5" as of now. If we get more tonight I may be around for a scrape. Stay posted.
This must mean customers are using the Tracking page for their info. If we can improve this page for you, please let us know how by email.
Thanks to all customers for their patience with the recent forecast unpredictability. We didn't receive a single call asking about service.
Only a skiff of snow (0.1-0.2") fell since we cleared. No service will occur tonight.
As of 9am only an eighth of an inch measured to have fallen after we cleared with minimal more snow in forecast. Stay posted for final call.
All drives/walks have been completed by 4:30am Sat. More snow may or may not fall Sat. If we get an inch, route will begin Sat eve.
Route in progress - heading to #99.
Route has begun - all customers should be serviced by 4am. Will update forecast expectations for Sat at that time.
If more snow falls after we clear tonight, it will be cleared Sat night as originally planned.
Full service will begin within the hour. TWN radar is down so we're unsure if/when more snow may fall. Stay posted for updates as they come.
A final service will occur Sat night as well to clean any leftover drifting or snowfall occurring on Sat. Apologies for any confusion.
Forecasts are as baffling to us as they are to you. Heaviest snow to come this evening so quick service will being middle of night.
Forecast and plan has changed. 2-4" total now coming. A quick service will still occur Fri night to make less snow for Sat morn.
IMPORTANT: Check a full plan for upcoming snowfall here: http://t.co/5HDAFXdVfh
NOTICE: We need driveways clear of cars Fri and Sat night. Total forecast now 10". This could be top 3 biggest storm in last 4 years.
Either way, a full service of drives and walks will occur Sat night, hopefully finishing all by Sun morn. Stay posted. Plan for snow Sat.
Still no decision if driveway only service will be done Fri. We will try to, but we need enough snow to fall before midnight to warrant it.
Forecast update from TWN: 2 inches Fri night starting supper time, 6 inches from Fri midnight to Sat Midnight.
Forecast now 2" fri, 4" sat, if we can do a driveway only service on fri we will, but we need lots of snow fri for that. Stay posted.
Preliminary warning: 1 foot of snow could be coming between Fri. Feb 6, and Sun. Our plan will formulate as forecast nears and solidifies.
Winds have been calm and only 1/8 of snow was measured. No service will occur tonight.
Less than 1/4 inch of snow has fallen. Unless we get extremely high winds service is unlikely. Will give final report at 7pm.
Still 0.5-1 inch possible Friday. If so, service will occur overnight.
No measurable snow has fallen. No service will occur. Snow possible Friday.
Wed forecast now reduced to a half inch, with temperature being 0. So it may not accumulate as much. Hero is monitoring.
2 inches of snow possible Wed. If this occurs, service will occur Wed night.
Bizzare snow system ended up missing us. No snow fell so no service occurs. Should be warm Mon/Tues to melt the rest of the ice off drives.
Half inch or more snow could come tonight. Service is possible. Will have to evaluate once it stops.
Weather Network removed all Sat snow from forecast. Enviro Can still says we may get some. We trust TWN more, but are prepared either way.
2-4 inches expected Sat into Sat eve. Service will occur Sat overnight. We should have enough time to clear everyone by morning.
All drives have been scraped. Temp peaked at +3C. Quite a good scrape resulted on most driveways. More melting tomorrow. Snow possible Sat.
Service has begun. We will scrape all concrete as good as possible. Should be done by 2am.
Forecast is for 1 or 2 degrees above zero tonight so we will be around for a scrape while snow and ice is soft.
Temp could be above 0 on Thurs night. If this occurs, we may do a scrape to remove some hardpack. Otherwise, snow possible Sat.
Some light flurries may occur early Wed morn. We need a half inch to hit our running 1" trigger. Will keep updating as the weather unfolds.
As of Sun morn snow not in forecast for Sun night/Mon. There's still a slight chance though. Stay posted, but service unlikely as of now.
Reminder: We only need another half inch of snow to meet the 1 inch trigger when Saturday morning's snow is included. Stay posted.
Another ~1 inch possible late Sun night, not leaving enough time to clear by Mon morn. Service would occur Mon night if that happens.
Another light skiff could fall Sun/Mon which may hit our 1 inch trigger, but as of now, service will not occur Sat night.
Only a half inch of snow has fallen as of now. More snow will have to fall, or drifting occur for service to occur tonight.
Saturday snow supposed to end early afternoon, with drifting continuing until evening. As mentioned, service Sat night if we get 1 inch.
Snow coming Fri overnight into Sat day. Approx 1.5 inches. Service will be overnight Sat if this occurs.
Route complete. Skiff of snow possible Thurs. No service expected. Half inch possible Fri. Service Fri unlikely as of now, but could change.
Route in progress - heading to #53.
Route has begun. All customers should be complete by 2am.
Snow should finish around 4 with a bit of drifting occurring after. Route will begin between 7-8pm.
1 inch now expected today (Wed) ending in the evening. Service is likely tonight.
Half inch expected Wed morn, and Fri. Service unlikely after Wed snow but possible after Fri as we may have accumulated 1 inch.
Scattered snow from Wed to Sun approx half inch each day. This means service every 2nd day when 1 inch accumulates is possible. Stay posted.
Route complete. No drifting has occurred since clearing began so all driveways should be clean, and stay clean, until next snowfall.
Route in progress - heading to #108.
Service has begun. Snow should be settled enough to not drift in after we clear. All customers should be cleared by 3am.
Apologies, it's still drifting very hard. Tonight's start may be later when drifting subsides. All customers will be cleared by morn though.
Winds are starting to calm, but are still strong. Route will begin tonight in the 6-8pm range. Will post once it has begun.
Only 0.75 of an inch fell, however with today's 70kph gusts it will make a mess. We'll be out tonight when the drifting subsides.
Inch of snow expected tonight, into Thurs morn. Winds up to 70kph all day Thurs, meaning service will occur Thurs night when drifting ends.
No drifting has been observed from the high winds. However, if you have drifting please email for service.
All customers have been cleared of drifting.
Route in progress - heading to #85. All customers should be done around midnight
Cleanup of drifting will begin shortly. Please have cars and garbage bins out of the way.
As expected the drifting is ruthless today. It should calm by supper time and then a final cleaning of drives will begin.
High winds will be ongoing all day Sat so drifting will occur all day. We will come clear these drifts when winds calm this evening.
All customers have been serviced and can get out of their drives for the day. ~1" fell behind us, affecting customers at beginning of route.
Route in progress - heading to #58. All customers will have 1 clearing by 8am. Drifting to occur all day so clean up route will be sat night
Please park cars on street tonight. Service at 2am. There will be leftovers after us, which will be cleared Sat night when drifting stops.
Service will begin at 2am. We should be able to clear 6" for customers, with 1-2" falling after us. See link in below post for more details.
IMPORTANT: SEE A FULL 500 WORD ANALYSIS OF FRI/SAT SNOWFALL HERE: http://t.co/xLYlHibk6f
No service Fri morn as it's going to snow again by 3pm. Fri night storm may finish earlier allowing us to clear more drives by Sat morn.
Half inch coming early Fri morning, and now 4 inches coming Fri evening and overnight. Service will begin late Fri night (5am~) as of now.
2 inches expected overnight Fri into Sat morning. We'll try to get out Fri night but snow may fall til 6am Sat. Stay posted.
Unmeasurable skiff fell last night. No service to occur.
The light flurries are expected overnight wed now and not expected to accumulate 1/2 inch. However 2-4 inch possible Fri/Sat. Stay posted.
Scattered flurries possible Wed. We already got 1/2 inch from last snowfall, so if we get another half inch, service could occur Wed night.
No more snow has fallen. Only half an inch of accumulation is currently measured. Unless more snow falls this evening no service will occur.
Scattered flurries throughout tonight and all day Saturday. Service is possible sat night.
Less than half an inch of fluff has fallen into Boxing Day morning. Service will not occur.
All customers have been serviced Christmas eve.
Service in progress  - heading to #97. All customers should be complete by 3am.
Clearing has begun. All customers will be cleared by 3am.
Snow is still falling but 1" trigger has been met.  Service will begin before midnight tonight. Will post when route begins.
Inch of snow in forecast for xmas eve ending around supper. Service likely overnight with santa. We've got you covered! Stay posted.
As of 3am, forecast is calling for half inch of snow by tues morn but it has yet to be seen on radar. Will know in morn. Service unlikely.
All driveways except gravel ones were scraped as best as possible to reduce ice buildup when temps go to -20 next week.
Snow has reduced. However, temps to stay above 0 on Mon so I will come scrape some melted snow tonight temps drop and freeze it permanently.
Snow expected to fall Monday night into Tues, meaning service Tues night. Stay posted, forecasts are conflicting as of now.
Wind may pick up Sunday. If drifting is observed throughout the day,  checkups will be done Sunday night.
Quarter inch of snow fell Saturday night. Service will not occur as 1" trigger was not met.
Unmeasurable skiff of snow fell Monday night. No service will occur.
High winds again today but no drifting observed. However, if you have drifting please call or email to be cleared!
No drifting is noticed. However, if you have significant drifting please call or email for service.
All customers are cleared.
Route in progress - Heading to #62.
Route in progress - Heading to #108. All customers will be complete by midnight.
Service has begun. All customers will be cleared by midnight.
High winds to calm around 5pm. Service will begin then, with all customers being cleared by midnight.
3/4 of an inch measured. 50kph winds to occur until this eve which will cause drifting. Service will occur this evening when winds calm.
Forecast reduced to 1 inch sun night, with major winds all Monday. If this occurs service will occur mon night when drifting subsides.
Reminder: Garbage bins need to be on the street, 10 feet to one side of the driveway. Personal reminders will be given if they are not.
2-4 inches now expected by Mon morn, ending around 5am, which means some drives will wake up to snow. Route will begin as early as possible.
No measurable snow fell Sat. Still expecting 1 inch Sun late into the night, hopefully leaving enough time to clear by Mon morn. Stay posted
Forecast changed. Half inch expected SAT eve now, with 1 inch expected Sun eve. Service unlikely Sat eve, but likely Sun eve. Stay posted.
Half inch of snow forecast for Sun Eve making service unlikely as of now. If we accumulate 1 inch, service will occur.
All drifts have been removed as of 4am.
Drifting check in progress
Incredible winds out there. Supposed to end Tues Morn. Will monitor accumulation to see if checkups need to be done. Stay posted.
Check up route complete.
Check up route in progress - Heading to 110
Drifting check will begin around supper time.
High winds today. Once they subside a decision will be made if there is enough drifting to warrant a route tonight.
Checkup route complete. All required touch ups have been completed.
Forward touch up route in progress - Heading to #97
Forward checkup route in progress - Heading to #120. Should be finished clearing by 5pm? Depends how many drives have more than 1" leftover.
Wind forecast is light so a route will begin again from the top, within the next hour to get the snow exceeding 1 inch that fell behind us.
All customers have been serviced once. Stay posted for announcement in an hour regarding snow that fell after us.
Forward Route in Progress - Heading to #112. All customers will be complete by 10am. The snow that falls after us will be cleared Sat night.
Forward Route in progress - Heading to #62. All customers will be complete by noon. The snow that falls behind us will be cleared Sat night
Forward Route in progress - Heading to #113. All customers will be serviced by noon.
Forward Route will begin around 5:30am. All customers should be cleared by noon. Some snow may fall behind us, it will be cleared Sat night.
Update 2: that means customers will wake up to 3" of snow on drives. Plan accordingly. Snow to stop at noon, route will begin then as of now
Update1: If a driveway only route can be done Fri night it will, but most snow to fall between 3am and 6am so it's  EXTREMELY unlikely.
WARNING: Customers will wake up to 3" of snow Sat morn as heavy snow will fall Fri night into Sat morn not leaving us time to clear by morn.
Forecasts calling for snow to stop early Sat aft. Service will begin as soon after snow stops falling and drifting subsides as possible.
Forecasts now calling for Fri/Sat snow with most on Sat, ending Sat night. Some calling up to 4" total. If this occurs, service Sat night.
Just under a half inch of snow fell this afternoon. No service will occur. As of now 2 inches is expected Friday. Stay posted.
Half inch could fall Tues afternoon. Service unlikely but if 1 inch accumulates service will occur overnight.
No snow has fallen after all.
Forecast reduced. TBD if service will occur as it's unknown if 1 inch will fall. Snow to come between 7 and 10pm.
2 Inches of snow coming tomorrow (Sunday). Service will occur Sun night. Please keep garbage bins off of drives Linden Woods customers.
Route complete. Big snowfall expected Sunday, possibly a Colorado Low moving in. Stay posted as forecast nears.
Route in progress - Heading to #2.
Route in progress - Heading to #97.
Route in progress - Heading to #113. All customers should be complete by 1am.
Route has begun.
Route will begin shortly after 7pm. Please ensure driveways are free of vehicles and garbage bins. All customers should be done by 3am.
Another small wave of snow expected today, with lots of wind. Route will begin tonight around 7-8pm as long as wind as died down.
Half inch measured. No service will occur. Flurries possible Wed afternoon so if we get another half inch, service will occur Wed night.
Light fluff falling now. It's forecast to stop falling around 8pm and not expected to accumulate 1 inch. Service unlikely.
Reminder to customers. Please place garbage bins on the street, at least 10ft to the side of driveway so we have room to work. Thanks.
All porphyria properties have been checked for drifting and cleared if required. Snow possible tues afternoon.
Going to begin checking drifting in the next half hour.
A bit of drifting might have followed last night's clearing. Will check on properties this afternoon/evening.
Route complete. Some snow falling in st vital but doubtful it will accumulate 1 inch. Will assess when I wake up.
Forward Route in progress - Heading to # 68. All customers should be complete by 4am.
Blowing and snowing has let up. Route to begin within a half hour. All customers should be serviced by 4am.
If snow falls after tonight's clearing a touchup route will occur Mon night, however that is unlikely. We should get it all tonight.
Snow/blowing to continue into the night. Will delay route start so no snow falls behind us, while still clearing all customers by morning.
Another inch to fall Sunday, with high winds creating drifting. Winds and snow should be done around 10pm. Clearing will begin around then.
1.5 inches of snow could fall Sunday. If we accumulate 1 inch, service will occur Sunday night.
Checkup Route Complete. Reminder the 1 inch trigger was not met, this was for drifting. The 1" trigger will be firm going forward.
Forward checkup Route in progress - Heading to #123. A little bit of drifting did occur at some properties.
Forward checkup Route in progress - Heading to #54.
Checkup route begun. Typically this wouldnt happen but it's good learning of new properties. Be advised 1" trigger will be firm in future.
1 inch trigger has not been met but some drifting may have occurred. A checkup route will begin before 9pm.
Less snow fell overnight than expected. Will monitor if we accumulate 1 inch when it stops tonight to see if service will occur.
Snow to fall into Wed so customers will wake up to snow on drives Wed morning with clearing occurring Wed overnight. Be advised.
Approx 1/4 inch fell Mon eve, well below the 1 inch trigger so no service to occur. Watching how Tues/Wed snowfall plays out. Stay posted.
Conflicting forecasts calling from 0.5 inch to 2 inches starting Tues eve, ending Wed aft. If this happens, service Wed night. Stay posted.
Close to 1 inch expected Tues. If we accumulate 1 inch, service will occur Tues night.
First snowfall with potential of staying may occur Friday. Possible service Friday night. Will monitor forecast as it could change by then.
Reminder, service is OVERNIGHT ONLY this season and routes will only be done in forward order instead of alternating order like last year.
Winter Route is posted and final. Current customers look for your tracking number on your invoice to find your place on the route!
Hero will take on new customers until Oct 31 then stop accepting new clients. Route order will be posted Nov 1.
Winter list is filling up fast. We will likely cut it off in a week or two so don't wait to book. Route order will be posted then as well.
Optional cut was completed yesterday, equipment is stored for winter so no more cuts can be offered.
Reminder that final optional cut will occur Thanksgiving Monday. If your haven't already let me know you want one, do so before 10am mon.
To our winter customers: Your customer number should be added to tracking by the end of Oct as the snow list is finalized. Stay posted.
I will call those people I think will will need the extra cut just in case. Again, 1 more cut Oct 13/14 to those who want it at extra cost.
A final cut is going to be offered Oct 13/14 to those who want it at extra cost. Email me if you want one and haven't told me already.
Final short cut is complete. Grass may still grow before winter, if enough lawns are long a cut may be offered in mid oct at extra charge.
Cutting is going very slow this week. Will likely run into Wednesday. This is the last cut and will be cut shorter for winter.
All lawns will be cut short as this week is the last paid cut of season. It should hold but email me If you think otherwise/have concerns.
Grass seems to be slowing. Still no final call on whether additional cuts may be needed, but for now week of Sept 22 looks like final cut.
Stay posted and read the previous updates for the game plan the next few weeks.
I will monitor growth this week but the cool temps last week won't tell much. More growth is likely next 2 weeks with warmer temps to come.
As mentioned to some customers, only 2 cuts remain including this week. However with all the rain extra cuts may be offered at extra charge.
Today's cutting will occur as scheduled unless rain gets too heavy that mowers keep clogging.
It's pretty much flash flooding in Linden Woods right now. Cutting halted. Will pick up from there tomorrow.
All customers should be complete by end of today (tuesday).
Roughly 2h behind to start Monday.
Lightning starting to flare up. Missed 3 usually done on Monday. They will be done first thing tues morning.
Same old drill with the rain this week. Cutting delayed a few hours. Everyone should be done by end of Tuesday though.
This week's cutting is all complete.
Still left to cut is Linden ridge/woods, Charleswood, headingley and Westwood/st James. Will likely cut them all wed but may do a few tues.
Calling of the cutting for first part of Tuesday. Too much rain. Can cut when ground is wet is the wet grass that clogs the mowers.
Quite behind now. Hopefully get everyone done by end of Tuesday. Some may be cut Wednesday.
Cutting delayed a few hours from today's rain and slow pace.
Cutting is going as normal for now. More rain today might cause slight delays but I will be pushing through as much as possible.
Rain may hold me up on Monday. If it's still too wet to cut, Cutting will be delayed until it's dry enough.
Rain and lightning in the forecast for Monday June 23. Will try to push through as much as possible but it may delay me.
Make that a 6 hour delay. Have to repair flat tire.
This week's delay is less than 5 hours. Which means any customers usually cut after 4pm on Monday will be cut tomorrow morning.
Monday cutting will be delayed at least 5h which means some Monday customers will be cut on Tuesday. Will see how quickly it dries up.
1.5 Inches of rain to fall Sun, June 15. We'll see how it dries and see if we delay Monday's cut a few hours. Wind helps it dry quicker.
Very long grass and rain delay means customers typically done on Monday will be finished today. Those done on Tues will be done tomorrow.
Will attempt to finish all lawns today after yesterday's rain delay. I may end up having a few left for tomorrow but time will tell.
Rain has us delayed. Cutting will resume when it dries up. We realize there is lots of growth to cut.
Finally we will be able to start the cutting week on a Monday. This week will be the more normal routine throughout the season.
Grass is too wet for cutting this morning, if it dries up this afternoon I may be able to do a few tonight. Otherwise route will start Wed.
Hopefully cutting will occur Tues but if it is too wet we will push it back until Wed.
Heavy rain to end tonight. Cutting route should start Tues Morning if it dries up enough.
Forecast increased to over 2 inches of rain possible Mon/Tues. When it's dry enough to get out we will hopefully starting Wednesday.
Roughly 1 inch of rain coming Sunday/Monday so cutting list will start Tues/Wed when the rain stops and ground isn't soaked.
Just a reminder that live updates aren't used by Hero in summer. However, we do post notices for rain delays, or breakdowns, so stay posted.
Our first week of cutting will be May 12.
First cut will depend on snow melt. Looks to be the week of May 12, however if Mother Nature co-operates we might make May 5. Stay posted.
Bring on summer! Hero is accepting weekly grass cutting customers. Don't wait because we usually stop accepting new customers in early May.
Half inch possible Sat aft. Temp to stay above 0 until Sun morning so anything that does stay, should melt. Service unlikely, stay posted.
Under a half inch of snow forecast for Wednesday. Service Wed night is unlikely and will only occur if we accumulate 1 inch.
No snow occurred last night. Checkup will not occur as snow is crusted. If you have drifting the only way for us to know is to call/email us
Half inch expected Thurs night, with blowing snow Fri (70kph gusts) ending Fri evening, a checkup route may occur Fri night. Stay posted.
Half inch expected Tues aft. Service only occurs if we accumulate 1 inch. If drifting follows this dusting please call/email for service.
All customers complete by morning. Mother nature makes Hero look good by giving us time to work. Thank you.
Reverse route beginning now.
Reverse Route will begin between 8 and 10pm tonight. All customers should be cleared by morning.
Snow expected Sun into Sun night. Mother nature looks like she will give us time to clear it by Mon morning but stay posted for changes.
Check up route is complete
Significant blowing has occurred. Checkups will occur tonight (Friday) after all.
Full service of all driveways and walkways is complete. Less than 1 inch fell behind us so NO TOUCH UP ROUTE WILL OCCUR FRI NIGHT.
Reverse route has begun?  All walks and drives should be complete by morning.
Reverse Route beginning soon. We should be able to start AFTER snow stops falling so no touchups will be needed Friday night.
Full service of walks and drives will occur Thursday night. Touch up route Fri night to clear leftovers will occur if lots falls behind us.
ANOTHER 2 inches falling Thurs night until 3am. Full service will occur, touch up route will occur Fri night to pick up leftovers.
Full service of Driveways AND Walkways will occur Thurs overnight. Snow to continue falling throughout Thursday.
All driveways only (no walkways) have been complete as of 4am. Heavy snow hasn't started yet but will fall through Thursday.
Quick service of driveways only in reverse order is beginning now. 4-6 inches WILL FALL BEHIND US so prepare for snow on driveways in morn.
These updates regarding your service are important. Please read them to stay informed, and keep monitoring this page as the storm progresses
CLOSE TO 8 INCHES POSSIBLE BY THURS NIGHT. We will be out for DRIVEWAYS ONLY tonight, however you will still wakeup to significant snow.
HEAVIEST SNOW TO FALL BETWEEN 2-6am Thurs Morn so we won't be able to RESPOND to that snow by morning. PREPARE FOR LOTS OF SNOW THURS MORN!
Plan is still to clear Thurs night when snow stops. If we get a window to clear Wed night we will, but it doesn't look that way now.
Forecast reduced to approx 3 inches. Full service Thursday night only (nothing Wed night) is the likely plan as of now.
Major snow expected Wed/Thurs. As of now driveways only will occur Wed night, and driveways/walks on Thurs night. Will post if this changes.
Route Complete all customers have been serviced.
Reverse route in progress - Heading to #54.
Reverse Route to begin shortly.
Snow and blowing to continue until the evening. Route will begin around supper time.
2 Inches expected Friday morn/aft. Service will begin Friday night during -48C windchill. That's why we call ourselves "Hero".
Monterey has been checked and touched up. There should be no other drifting anywhere else.
Monterey will be checked for drifting tonight.
All walks and drives at Monterey are confirmed complete.
Monterey Driveways complete. Shoveller working on walkways and steps. They will be complete by Monday morning.
All drives and walks are complete in the city. Monterey walks will be done tonight add blowing is forecast to stop.
Forward Checkup Route in progress - Heading to #77. Only properties with drifting or 1 inch accumulation will be cleared.
Those customers within City limits will have drives and walkways checked Sat night, as city will shelter the wind.
Change of plans as 50kph winds expected throughout Sunday. Monterey drives only will be done Sat night. Drives and walks on Sun Night.
Monterey full service including walks will occur tonight. A check up of all other customers will occur as well.
Monterey driveways complete. With drifting and flurries overnight a full service of all customers is possible sat night with Monterey walks.
Drifting not noticed anywhere other than Monterey however if you have drifting please call or email.
Major drifting at Monterey. Drives only will be done tonight,  walks tomorrow night when blowing stops.
Forward Route Complete.
Forward Route in progress - Heading to #19.
Forward Route in progress - Currently at Monterey.
Forward Route to begin within the hour. All customers will be cleared by morning.
Reverse Route will begin around supper time tonight. Drifting to occur all day.
As of 4am only a half inch has fallen. Service will occur overnight Thurs after drifting subsides.
Only a dusting has occurred by 1am. No quick service will occur.
Snow hasn't started yet. Quick Service will only occur Wed Night if there is actually snow to clear Wed Night.
Forecast increased to 6 inches. Quick service of driveways only will occur Wed night, full service Thurs night. Snow to fall until 6pm Thurs
Looks like both TWN and Enviro Canada forecasting snow until late Thurs aft. Service likely Thurs night unless that changes.
Snow tonight looks like it won't end until Thurs aft. May end Thurs 2am tho. If so, route occurs Wed night, if not route occurs Thurs night.
Touch ups complete. Another 4-6 inches expected Wed/Thursday.
Touch ups in progress - starting at #85 and working in forward order.
Route complete. Leftovers will be cleared Monday Night.
Reverse Route in progress - Currently at Monterey. More than 1 inch fell behind us so it will be cleaned up Monday night.
Reverse Route in Progress - Heading to #54.
Reverse Route in Progress - Heading to #105.
Reverse Route has begun.
We're expecting 2 inches Sunday Evening. If this occurs service will go overnight before Monday morning if snowfall ends soon enough.
Skiff of snow over night. No service will occur.
Equipment back online.
Plow is still down, will post when it is fixed. Customers will still be taken care of one way or another.
All touch ups complete.
Route complete. Cleaning of leftovers on bottom of list will occur tonight. Only accumulations of 1 inch or more will be cleared.
Final 3 customers will be done by hand due to plow issues. Will arrive shortly.
All driveways have been complete at Monterey. Fresh shoveller heading there within the hour to finish walks.
Reverse Route in progress - Currently at Monterey.  Having equipment issues. Will make sure the basics are taken care of until full service.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #90. Snow may have fallen behind us, we will check and touch up Thurs night.
Reverse Route will begin around 1am. Most customers will be done by morning but not everyone. About 4 inches expected.
Route Complete. More snow expected Wed overnight. Still unsure when route will occur. Plan to be posted as the system nears us.
Reverse Route in progress - heading to #75.
Reverse route has begun - Estimated to complete all customers by 7am.
Reverse Route to begin around 8pm Tues. More snow coming Wed night, unsure when Wed night route will start.
Only a trace of snow has fallen.  No service will occur.
Reverse Route Complete.
Reverse route in progress - heading to #53.
Reverse route in progress - heading to #98.
Reverse route in progress - Heading to #4.
Snow to start overnight, blowing all Sunday. Reverse route will begin around supper Sunday. Remember, overnight service only rest of season.
Reverse Route Complete. More snow coming Sunday morning. Route will occur overnight Sunday night beginning around supper time.
Reverse route in progress. Not many touch ups to do. Checking Monterey soon.
Reverse route has begun. Only driveways/walkways with 1 inch accumulation will be cleared.
Reverse Route looks to begin tonight around 7 or 8pm.
More snow to come Sunday Morning with blowing all day Sunday. Reverse route will be likely overnight Sunday into Monday morning.
Blowing snow has caused some issues. Reverse route again tonight to clean it up. Reverse routes will be the norm for the rest of the season.
Reverse route complete.
Reverse route in progress - Heading to #2.
Reverse Route has begun.
2-4 inches expected this evening. Reverse route will begin around 10pm-midnight. More snow tomorrow, another route is likely Fri Night.
All customers complete.  Monterey driveways only were done, drives and walks will be done tonight when blowing snow stops.
Reverse Route on progress - Only Monterey left. Driveways only at Monterey as drifting will continue through the day. Walks done Wed night.
Reverse route has begun.
Reverse route to begin shortly.
Snow is lingering, reverse route will occur overnight. Routes will be overnight only from now on. Please call us if this concerns you.
Forward Route complete.
Forward route in progress - heading to #85.
Forward Route to begin shortly. Estimated time to compete unknown.
Equipment issues will be fixed ASAP. After Sun night, no snow expected til Thurs which gives us time to fix them.
Close to an inch of snow possible ending this evening. Due to equipment troubles we may only clear walkways in Forward order.
Reverse route continues - 15 left at monterey. Reinforcements deployed.
15 houses of monterey currently complete. Having equipment troubles, rounding up reinforcements to get back at it asap.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #23.
Monterey Complete.
Reverse Route complete. Monterey driveways only were done as 80kph winds to blow all day. Complete service of Monterey will occur tonight.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #52.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #23.
Reverse route has begun - Heading to #64.
High wind to continue throughout the afternoon with more snow. Reverse route likely to start around 8pm.
If you would like an explanation of why routes will occur overnight only please call us at 998-4376. Happy to explain privately.
Tomorrow's 4 inches will be done in reverse order overnight Wed. Most routes will be done overnight for time being due to today's events.
Just finished Monterey. Snow expected to start around 6am so it makes no sense to keep clearing only for more to fall.  Route stopped.
Still working on Monterey North. Hand shoveling is going slow.
Forward Route in progress - Currently at Monterey North. All driveways hand shoveled today so service will be slower today.
Forward route in progress however we are halted due to issue with plow, stay posted for updates.
Doing quick modification to the plow. Start time pushed back slightly.
6:15am: Nearing close to 1 inch accumulation. Looks to ease up in the next few hours around 9am. Forward route to begin then.
4:15am: Only 1/4" has fallen. Flurries off and on all day Tues so service is unlikely until after Wed snowfall. Stay posted for that plan.
1 inch expected tonight (Monday) ending around wakeup time. If we get an inch, forward route could start then. Up to 4 inches coming Wed.
Monday snow removed. 2-4 Inches of sticky stuff expected Wednesday now.
Only a skiff has fallen. Next snow in forecast is Monday. If we get an inch service will occur in Forward Order.
Just over 1 inch expected Saturday night, then 2 inches on Mon. If it snows Sat night we will clear it immediately, then wait for Mon snow.
Intermittent snow Fri, Sat, and Sunday. We'll be out if we accumulate 1 inch and no snow is forecast for 24h.
All customers complete. Monterey will be cleaned up later tonight or over night depending on wind.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #91.
All properties at Monterey have been cracked open, and will just blow right back in again. Will give them a final scrape tonight.
Reverse Route in progress - Just arrived at Monterey South.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #52.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #2. Pace is slower. All customers should still be complete by 10am.
Reverse Route in Progress - Heading to #92.
Reverse Route in Progress - Just finished #39. All customers should be complete by 10am.
Reverse Route beginning shortly. Should arrive at first house around 8pm. All customers should be cleared by 10am.
Plan stays the same. Heavy snow to stop falling around 8pm. Reverse Route will begin around then. All customers should be complete by morn.
Please advise this will mean driveways will be tough to navigate when coming home from work. Stay posted in case plan changes. 6" expected.
Because Fri snow will fall very quickly Fri aft, a quick service will make no sense.  We will start once snow finishes in the eve.
Forecast increased to 4-6". Majority of snow to fall Friday aft so we will have to wait until it stops. Everyone should be done by sat morn.
2 inches expected Friday morning into the afternoon. Reverse route will begin when it stops if this occurs.
All customers complete including redo's.
Beginning redo of forward route up to customer #16.
Forward Route complete. Will begin redoing forward route shortly. Customers up to #16 will be redone. After #16 have less than 1 inch.
Forward Route in progress - Heading to #31. When finished route, will redo properties with snow, starting from the top in forward order.
Forward Route in progress - Heading to #103.
Forward Route in progress - Heading to #62.
Forward Route in progress - Heading to #53. Sorry for the update delay.
Forward Route resumed - Heading to #85. Snow has slowed, we will back track any left over fluff of more than 1 inch.
Forward Route in progress - Currently at Monterey North.
Forward route will begin soon. We'll clear up to #54 for now, then pause til it stops. When it stops we'll restart at 85 and redo 1st half.
Plan as of 5pm Friday: ... We will redo the first half of route to get what falls/drifts behind us. Keep posted.
Plan as of 5pm: Forward route will start at 5am, snow to stop falling around 11am. About half will be done before snow stops.
2-4 inches expected to start falling Friday at 11pm ending around noon on sat. Forward route will begin when snow stops falling.
Forecast showing 3-5" snow occurring overnight Friday stopping around noon on Saturday. Forward route to occur when it stops.
Reverse route complete. More snow on Friday as of now, stay posted.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to Monterey South.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #96. All customers will be complete by 2am.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #99.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #63. Picking up speed now, all customers should be done by 2am.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #104. Slow going with Christmas traffic and ice, all customers will be done before 2am.
Reverse route has begun. Should be at first property in a half hour. Driving may be slow today with the ice and traffic, please advise.
Looks like it did snow after all. High winds to continue until 1pm, reverse route will begin then.
Forecast reduced to trace amounts of snow. Service is unlikely.
Forecast reduced to roughly 1 inch ending 9am, high winds ending early aft, when winds lighten reverse route will begin, likely 12-3pm.
As of now 2-4 inches expected Tues morning (Christmas Eve), ending around 1pm. If this occurs, reverse route will begin then.
Our website host is having trouble recently so if our site is down that is why. You can still get our updates at http://t.co/WOiYYFVQZu
Next snowfall in forecast is Mon Dec 23 with 4-6 inches add of now. Hero DOES clear on Christmas so no need to worry!
Route complete. Please see our recent statement regarding delayed service.  http://t.co/MMrfgpikWp
Forward Route in progress - Heading to #70.
Forward Route in progress - Heading to #77. All customers will be complete by 4am.
Forward Route in progress - Currently on Monterey South. All customers should be complete by 4am.
Forward Route has resumed where left off. Currently at Monterey North.
Find our statement regarding the recent quality of service. It will answer many questions and concerns. http://t.co/J1G1XlK0JA
Forward Route will resume around 7pm after this system passes.
Copy of our letter to TWN http://t.co/J1G1XlK0JA You can contact them here http://t.co/qBbL8lfxYT to add your voice, and help us improve.
We appreciate your patience with how unpredictable mother nature and forecasts can be. Updates will continue as they are available.
FORWARD ROUTE HALTED - I will contact a rep at TWN and Enviro Can, to give feedback on their forecasting performance.
ROUTE HALTED - Half inch of snow put BACK into the forecast as of 7am. We can't win. Route will be restarted tonight after snow stops.
Forward Route in progress - Heading to Monterey North.
As luck would have it snow is removed from forecast. Drifting has occurred in some areas so a forward checkup route will begin shortly.
A forward route will occur after Wednesday snowfall, likely beginning Wednesday evening and going through the night.
Mother nature is not giving many windows to plow, and continues to make forecasting difficult. Doing the best with what we got. Thank you.
If we measure 1 inch by Wed evening Forward Route will occur. Forecast shows this is likely but their accuracy has been poor this year.
Just under half an inch has fallen Mon night. More flurries expected Tues night and an inch on Wed aft. Forecast looks clear after that.
Reverse Route Complete. Reminder to all customers to place garbage bins on the street in front of lawn, NOT on driveway or piling area.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #91.
Reverse Route in progress - Just arrived at Monterey South. All customers should be complete by 4pm.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #52. All customers should be cleared by 4pm.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #70. All customers should be complete by 4pm.
Reverse Route in progress - Heading to #76.
Reverse Route has begun. All customers should be complete by 4pm.
Less than an inch of accumulation is present, however winds have created a drifting issue. Reverse route to begin around 5:30 or 6am.
Forecast still shows snow until 5am. If we have an inch at 5am, reverse route will begin. If not, no service will occur.
Snow not to finish falling until morning now. Radar doesn't even look like snow is coming. Plan will formulate as this situation progresses.
Another 2 inches expected to fall this afternoon into evening. Reverse route will occur overnight, beginning around midnight as of now.
Another 2 inches expected Sunday and Sunday night.  Reverse route will begin when it stops.
Half inch expected Fri, another half inch Sat, and 1-2 inches expected Sun. If this occurs, Reverse route will occur after Sun snow.
Route Complete
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Headed to #4.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Heading to #96.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Working on Monterey North. All customers should be cleared by morning.
Majority of the snow has settled. A forward route will begin in the next couple of hours to clean up leftover snow.
A cleanup route in Forward order will occur overnight Thursday when wind dies down and snow stops.
Forward Route Complete. All customers can get out for the morning. Another inch and high winds is expected throughout Thurs.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Three properties left in Charleswood then all customers will be complete.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Heading to #31.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Heading to #75.
Incredibly sick, grabbing a quick cat nap. All customers should be serviced once by 8am.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Currently at #53.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - working on Monterey South. Unable to estimate time to complete route as of now.
Forward Route will being in a half hour.
We will double back and service properties that had 1+inch of snow fall behind us. This will allow us to clear all properties by the AM.
Forward route will begin around 5pm this evening. Snow will continue to fall until midnight.
At 9:16am, 2 inches have fallen, 4 more are expected. Quick service will NOT occur. Forward route will begin tonight between 10pm and 2am.
This storm is very drawn out and forecasts have been changed considerably. We make plans with the most current info available. Stay posted.
We could accumulate 4 inches by 10am-noon meaning QUICK SERVICE would start then.
Quick service of DRIVEWAYS ONLY will only occur if the forecast remains for 6-10 inches. It would start when we accumulate 4 inches.
Snowfall warning issued, calling for a total of 6-10 inches. We have accumulated less than 2 inches as of 7:30am.
Forecast is updated. Expecting 6-8 inches by Wed night. A quick service of driveways only on Wed is possible although unlikely as of now.
This snowfall looks to be very drawn out. Majority of snow to fall Tues overnight and Wed morning. Service likely to start Wed aft/evening.
Forecast has changed with 2 inches to start falling Mon night, throughout Tuesday evening. Service likely overnight Tuesday. Stay posted.
Snow has been removed from forecast. Next snowfall expected throughout Wednesday 2-4 inches expected. Service likely then as of now.
Skiff of snow expected Sunday morning, and 1-2 inches expected Monday, service likely after Monday snowfall.
Route completed at 2am.
REVERSE ROUTE in progress - Heading to #91.
REVERSE ROUTE in progress - Just arrived at Monterey South.
REVERSE ROUTE in progress - heading to #98.
Reverse Route will begin in the next half hour.
Fluff looks to stop falling around 8pm. Reverse route will begin then.
Light snow to continue overnight into Fri afternoon. We're working with mother nature as best we can. Reverse Route Friday when snow stops.
More fluff to fall throughout today. Reverse route will occur later this evening or overnight when it stops falling.
A considerable amount of sluff has fallen after yesterdays clearing. A reverse route will occur shortly to touch up driveways.
Forward route compete.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Heading to #31. All customers should be cleared by 9pm.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Headed to # 62. All customers should be complete by 9pm.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Heading to #85 next. All customers should be cleared by 11pm.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Heading to #77. All customers should be serviced by 11pm.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Just arrived at Monterey North. All customers should be completed by 11pm.
Snow has stopped. Forward route will begin within a half hour.
Snow should stop around 1pm. Forward Route will begin then.
2-3" of snow expected to start Wed at 6am ending between 1-3pm as of now. Forward Route will begin when snow has stopped falling.
Another 0.25 inch dusting. No service will occur. More snow expected Wednesday, service likely Wednesday Night.
Skiff of snow currently falling. Service will only occur if we accumulate .75 of an inch as we already had .25 of an inch last snowfall.
Only 0.25 of an inch of snow measured. 1 inch trigger NOT met. Service will not occur.
Route Complete. More snow possible tonight, route will only occur if 1 inch accumulates. Next route is in forward order.
REVERSE ROUTE in progress - Just finishing Monterey North. Heading to #91 soon.
REVERSE ROUTE in progress - Just arrived at Monterey South. All customers should be complete by 8am.
REVERSE ROUTE in progress - Heading to #54. All customers should be complete by 8am.
REVERSE ROUTE in progress - Heading to #103.
REVERSE ROUTE restarted.
ROUTE HALTED. More snow coming short term. Will restart in an hour or so.
REVERSE ROUTE in progress - Heading to #4.
Reverse Route will begin when snow stops falling. Most customers should be cleared by morning depending how soon snow stops falling.
1-2 inches of snow forecast to fall tonight, expected to stop around midnight. If we accumulate 1 inch. Route will begin when it stops.
Route Complete.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Just finished 76. All customers should be complete by 11pm.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Just finished #98. All customers should be complete around 10pm.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Headed to #101.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Heading to #90. All customers should be complete by 10pm.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Heading to #77. All customers should be complete by 10pm.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Just Finished Monterey South.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Still working on Monterey North.
FORWARD ROUTE in progress - Just Arrived at Monterey North
FORWARD ROUTE has begun. All customers should be completed by 10pm.
Snow will miss us. FORWARD ROUTE to begin within the hour.
Looks like one more wave of snow coming in the next few hours. Route will likely start between 1pm to 3pm or earlier if it misses us.
Hourly forecast as of 9am. http://t.co/KSM0MkljI9
TheWeatherNetwork is still calling for close to an inch of snow by 8pm Sunday, however radar looks like it could end sooner. Stay posted.
Snow forecast to fall until 5pm Sunday. If we accumulate an inch, route will begin then unless radar clears up sooner.
Please advise, if a route does occur we may be a touch slower with it being the first one of the season and the skating rink roads.
1-2 Inches forecast to fall Saturday night and throughout Sunday. If we accumulate 1 inch service will begin as soon as snow stops falling.
As of 5:30 Saturday morning, nothing has suggested service will occur. Any accumulation will melt due to mild temps.
Possibility of 1 inch accumulation overnight by Saturday. Mild temps so it may melt. Stay posted to see if a service call will occur.
Final Route has been posted for the 2013-2014 snow season. Find your place in line and keep posted with updates regarding your snow service.
Tracking should be updated and posted within the next few weeks. Keep checking back to find your place on our snow route.
Thunderstorms and rain to occur this afternoon. Cutting will begin Tuesday morning.
First weekly cut will begin Monday.
Weekly cutting to tentatively start the week of May 13. Stay posted for any changes due to weather.
