IFunnyLongTime
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/477386442126028800/uSDuMtO__400x400.jpeg
Show him some love peeps. https://t.co/qz5Sx3snS2
RT @ErikGrampa: Check my video guys &amp; like &amp; subscribe 
https://t.co/kR530nZbQn
@cristela9 did he score yet?
RT @fluffyguy: RT 4 ur chance to WIN a #GabrielIglesias t-shirt from http://t.co/ogYazq2Sgt &amp; a signed @FluffyGuy baseball card. http://t.c…
RT @POWERATL: Good Morning Happy HUMP-DAY! Hawks game day! Let's Go Hawks! #TrueToAtlanta @ScottyKOnair @RileyCouture @BretMega
RT @madflavor: Its Friday cocksuckers......you're showing up with a big dick and a nutsack filled with cheer!
RT @WhatTheFFacts: Jim Varney who played Ernest in numerous kids media died of lung cancer due to life of chainsmoking. http://t.co/DjPkpUa…
RT @RickyShucks: “@iSlideInYourDms: I might have to switch to PlayStation now ...
 https://t.co/Cnia8iLAsc” LOL
@SaraJayXXX $55
RT @scousebabe888: ❤ http://t.co/3npbX7KTXM
RT @Squawka: Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer completed more passes (31) than any Arsenal player tonight.
RT @teenagernotes: Why I don't delete old messages http://t.co/gZsGeqGOYo
RT @JessicaDuckWife: “@maxthieriot: 2 more days till #BatesMotel !? Who's gonna b checking in!?”can't wait!!! @lexithieriot
@MENDES2130 hahaha it's okay
Beer and country music......
God's gonna cut you down
I'm not the one to break promises, I don't mean to hurt you but I need to breath
Giant douche an a turd sandwich
Nothing lasts forever
Me: How much is this poster of this sexy man?

Sales Clerk: That's a mirror, sir.
Googling your symptoms when you don't feel well is the most efficient way to convince yourself you're dying.
Just ate McDonalds after working out, which is the same as taking a shit after a shower.
Quick question... How many Facebook pokes before it's okay to ask her to take a load to the face?
You do realize that if you save yourself for marriage, you'll only have sex like three or four times ever?
Body Glitter: For the girl who wants to leave a sparkling trail of daddy issues everywhere she goes
One of my favorite things about raps music is the fun ethnic code words they use for everyday things like money &amp; women. I’m learning a lot!
To apply for a job at Hooters do they hand you a bra and say, "Here, just fill this out."?
I hate that feeling when your iPod earbud accidentally gets ripped out of your ear and you want to murder someone with a hammer.
Twitter should allow you to select the font your tweets appear in; thus giving me yet another thing to judge you by.
Just saw two 10 year old boys sharing a cigarette. I was really shocked and upset so I gave them money to buy a pack.
The worst part about going to concerts is realizing people you'd otherwise think are freaks actually share your taste in music.
Flip flops are fun because every time you take a step it's like a high-five for your feet.
If you don't have a Facebook account, all your high school friends just assume you died.
If a girl starts removing earrings while maintaining eye contact, you're either in for the fuck of your life, or you'd better fucking run.
RT @roche_andrew: South park is so retardedly funny
Finally threw out some old bananas because once they go black you never go back.
I still play that game where the floor is lava but now i just lie on the couch and watch tv until it cools into igneous rock.
I never did too good in class tests; because I'd have to show on the board how I got my answers &amp; that would've meant drawing me cheating...
Just cause you have 9 lives doesn't give you the right to show it off and run across a busy street....fucking cats.
Why did the Fresh Prince have to take a cab anyways? How shitty was that family that no one would pick him up from the airport?
Is it racist that I think all of Tyler Perry's movies look alike?
One Girl, Two Cups would be a terrible name for a bra shop.
What if that light at the end of the tunnel you see when you die is just you being born from another vagina?
When women cry, their faces look like half-chewed Starbursts.
Someday when I run out of comic books, I'd like to try this sex with girls I've been hearing about.
Whoever told black people they'll explode if they talk quietly needs to let them know they were just kidding.
When you are trying to get out of the aisle at the movies, and you have to pass by people, do you give them the nut or the butt?
What a gorgeous day to walk around outside staring at my phone.
So, you know how they put that magic hat on Frosty and it makes him talk? I wonder if there's one that works in reverse, but for children.
No matter how much you polish a turd... A turd is still gonna be a turd
RT @Traphik: Everybody needs a little help or advice sometimes. It doesn't make you weak to take it.
obama canceled the moon exploration program! now we'll never know why it keeps disappearing every month.
I just saw an Asian chick with big boobs and a booty. I took a pic so if any of you have Mythbuster's email hit me up.
I'm not saying I'm smarter than you because I use proper punctuation; I'm implying it with semicolons.
if you say "summer" in the mirror three times a white girl in giant sunglasses drinking an iced coffee will appear and take selfies with you
I asked my wife what women really want and she said attentive lovers. Or maybe it was "a tent of lovers." I wasn't really listening.
White people are only thinking about one of 5 things at any given moment: 1. skiing 2. sadness 3. edamame 4. revenge 5. Greek yogurt.
Think of how old we're gonna feel when Honey Boo Boo dies from an overdose.
You know what they called vegetarians 300 years ago.... Poor People...
Gave my cat some organic soy milk and now she wears two pairs of tiny Toms.
Choosing between Trader Joe's and Whole Foods is white people's real Twilight.
A good way to meet a lot of cops is to put a "Baby On Board" sticker on a picnic basket tied to a motorcycle.
Nothing makes me more aware of my multiple personalities than listening to my entire iPod playlist on shuffle.
Apparently #dogs can #die if they eat a lot of #chocolate . I wish I had a delicious way to kill myself.
It's exhausting typing "NO ONE GIVES A SHIT" to all your friends' baby pics on #Facebook
If people had to spell something correctly before being allowed to criticize it, the internet would be a far more peaceful place.
When dancing and multiple girls yell "this is my song!" they should have to fight to the death to see whose it really is.
It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty or half full. There is clearly room for more alcohol.
You`re beautiful until your #Photoshop 30 day trial has expired.
I follow the quote, “Always be true to yourself” because I only lie to others!
If swimming is an exerciser explain whales to me.
Don’t steal, don’t lie, don’t cheat, don’t sell drugs. The government hates competition..
That awkward moment when somebody is doing dishes and you slowly put another dish in the sink.
I bet that in prison everyone’s FB relationship status is set to it’s complicated.
When you’re good, you’re good, when you’re awesome you’re me..
I may be old enough to know better, but I am STILL young enough to DO IT..
I’m the person that the more you complain about me, the harder I’ll try to annoy you.
I am going to start cleaning my house. And by cleaning, i mean drinking beer and spraying everything with febreze
Growing older is compulsory Growing up, however, remains optional.
If couples who are in love are called LOVE BIRDS, then couples who always argue should be called ANGRY BIRDS
The secret to success is knowing who to blame for your failures.
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we’ll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos
Everything I like is either Illegal, Immoral, Fattening, Addictive, Expensive, or Impossible.
BRB = I don’t want to talk to you. LOL = I have nothing else to say. Cool = I don’t care.
Definition of human being: a creature that cuts trees, makes paper &amp; write “SAVE TREES” on the same paper.
Its better to fail than to cheat but its better to cheat than to repeat.
For all the girls that say ….. All guys are the same …… Who told you to try them ALL.
Girls are funny creatures. They hate it when you ask their age but will kill you if you forget their birthday.
I look at people sometimes and think ….. Really?? That’s the sperm that won
The human brain is amazing. It functions 24 hours a day from the time we were born, and only stops when we take exams or are in love.
Years of education and handling complex issues, yet we take a while standing before glass doors thinking whether to Push or Pull.
RT @TehBlackParade: I took my time, I hurried up - the choice was mine, I didn't think enough.
I'm too depressed to go on, you'll be sorry …
It's weird how Americans say "soccer" instead of "football" and my dad says "I wish you were dead" rather than "i love you"
A penis lives a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor is an asshole, best friend is a pussy and his owner beats him
Q: What do you call an illegal doing illegal things?

A: A Mexican😄
Ha! I just finished a puzzle in 8 months and the box said 2-3 years!
Dear Google: Please stop being like my wife. Kindly let me complete my sentence before you start to give me suggestions.
I'm not saying she's a slut, but she's been pounded more than the letter "I" in #Pixar
Of all the lies I've told in my life, "Just kidding" is my favorite;)
You always have that bit of hope inside you during a fire drill, that your school is actually on fire.
#California leads the nation in pot production and #BigFoot sightings. Coincidence? I think not...
I just scrolled so far back on Facebook's Timeline it logged me back onto MySpace.
Whoever snuck the s in “fast food” is a clever person.
Ten years from now, one of the hardest challenges our kids will face will be finding a username that's still available.
"Party like a rockstar" isn't acceptable anymore. U party like #CharlieSheen , or u dont party at all.
No, PornHub, I would NOT like to share this video with my friends and family on facebook.
If 3 people having sex is a threesome, and 2 people at it is a twosome, why is Handsome still a compliment?
I like it when I buy a bag of air, and the company is nice enough to put some chips in it.
Every pretty girl has an ugly friend. If you don't have one then you must be the ugly friend.
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
Whew. Thank you, warning label. I was actually considering using my new floor lamp in the shower.
Sometimes your knight in shining armor is just a retard in tin foil.
Apple was going to make an Ipod for kids, but Itouch kids isnt a very good marketing name.
If robbers ever broke into my house and searched for money, I'd just laugh and search with them.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Facebook asks what I’m thinking. Twitter asks what I’m doing. Foursquare asks where I am. The internet has turned into a crazy girlfriend.
Still waiting on the "Once you go black, you'll never go back" episode of Mythbusters.
Kidnapping? I prefer the term "surprise adoption".
Why do people say grow some balls? Balls are weak and vulnerable, if you want to toughen up grow a vagina. Those things can take a pounding.
This guy bragged about getting 10 times the amount of girls I get, I laughed because 10•0 is 0.
Dear Gangsta: If you pulled up your pants a little you could run from the cops faster.
Eventually the entire written English language will be taken over by emoticons. Teenage girls will bring us back to Egyptian hieroglyphics.
Clearly Obama flunked his first term since he's being forced to repeat it again.
I wonder what's the parking like at the Special Olympics?
I'm not good in relationships. My last relationship ended when I didn't open the car door for her. Instead I just swam up to the surface.
I’ve never been to Japan, but I’ve seen a bunch of emojis so I think I get the idea.
hey girls if you sleep with a guy then tell them you're pregnant they'll give you a bunch of money for an abortion I have like 50 cars
If a mass murderer on death row ordered a #KlondikeBar for his last meal I bet it would explain a lot.
RT @Traphik: I never put the toilet seat up cuz my aim is impeccable.
The real reason women live longer than men because they don’t have to live with women.
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Q. Why dont blind men skydive?

A. Because it scares the shit out of the dog
Q. How can you tell when a women is having a bad day?

A. She has her tampon behind her ear, and she can`t find her cigarette.
If a turtle doesnt have a shell, is it naked or homeless ?
Q: What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest?

A: Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12
Why are men like cars? 

Because they always pull out before they check to see if anyone else is cumming;)
What is the difference between a sin and shame?
It's a sin to stick it in and a shame to take it out;)
S/O to the lovely @vickyvette for following back
When I pat an enemies back its not to comfort them, its to find the sofest place to stick the knife:-)
Boy: Can you give me a bj babe      Girl: im on my period-_-       Boy: Last I checked you bleed from your vagina.not from your mouth:-)
I tryed out for American Loggers but I had a different understanding to it........ Apparently they were taking about wood not my big penis.
If there's grass in the field play ball and if not flip her over and play in the mud
......
Im gonna try to drown a fish....this may take a while
I seriously thought the slang phrase 'This place is 'crackalackin!', actually meant 'This place is lacking white people.
If you do a job too well, you will get stuck with it.
I love to give homemade gifts. Which one of my kids do you want?
I don’t have a beer gut, I have a protective covering for my rock hard abs.
Our generation doesn’t knock on doors. We will call or text to let you know we’re outside.
Why didn’t Noah swat those two mosquitoes....What a cunt-_-
The advantage of exercising every day is that you die healthier.
A husband is someone who after taking the trash out, gives the impression he just cleaned the whole house;)
RT @VEGANCALISWAGG: #OneWordThatDescribesMe amazing
RT @ThaaKidDB: Today's tv shows &lt;&lt;&lt;
I wish Google Maps had an “Avoid Ghetto” routing option:)
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
#ThingsMyExSaid I usually don't do this...
#ThingsMyExSaid I'm a virgin
What if Jesus was black:0
I hate masturbating in the shower because I see my future go down the drain.
At your age I was catching Pokemon....not getting pregnant
The real reason women live longer than men because they don’t have to live with women.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
RT @Roskooo_: You just jizzed in your pants..Oh Well arn't you pre..mature
A #colon has only two job options: become a punctuation mark, or work for an asshole.
RT @masedigg: RT if you get it. #EverybodyReadClosely http://t.co/ulkI0HQ6
I think I speak for Earth when I say that I'm ready for Justin Bieber to turn to hard drugs and squander his wealth, eventually losing fame.
Do you think all these parents who named their daughters after flowers really gave much thought to how much teenage boys like to pluck?
@francisjohnrios it's called Simsimi
#SometimesIGetsickof  this little cunt http://t.co/EOIqSegE
#SometimesIGetsickof fuckers that snore
Why did god make stupid people?????and why so many???:0
Every time I'm having sex and I'm about to cum I hear the little mortal kombat voice in my head say, "FINISH HER";)
@marcos4664 ohhhh I hit a soft spot
@marcos4664 your right JigglyPuff
Its too expensive to put up Christmas lights these days. I'm just going to hire a bunch of Mexicans to sit on my roof with flashlights.
Its so awkward meeting new people. Especially when they go in for a handshake and you go in for an open-mouth kiss.
I've forgotten how to "hang out" with people if alcohol isn't involved;)
If Santa knows who's being bad, maybe he could have given us a heads-up during the early planning stages of the Holocaust.
People can be so fucking rude when they catch you listening in on their conversation lol
Sometimes I draw a penis on my face before I go out so people know I'm there to fucking party.
Do you ever get the feeling that you're being watched? Because if it's bothering you I'll stop.
RT @marleighk96: i am so addicted to #DrawSomething. 
Guys: when you're shaving, do the Hitler part first. You don't want to get interrupted and then be running around with just the Hitler part.
mouth piercings look like robot herpes.
If a genie ever gives me three wishes, goodbye Kardashian's.
That awkward moment at a feminist picnic when they realize no one made sandwiches.
RT @Traphik: Mo' Money, Mo' Problems.... and Mo' cool shit in my room... and Mo' cool clothes... and Mo' expensive meals.
RT @maddie_craig36: F*** the world. F*** life. F*** originality. We are all the same, all dying to be free.
Still waiting on the 'Once you go black, you'll never go back" episode of mythbusters;)
I wonder if people in 3rd world countries know that we can choose between crushed and regular ice cubes.
To be honest, I'm not going to be completely happy until Facebook implements a 'I Wish You Were Dead'
Whichever part of my body is responsible for burning fat needs to stop procrastinating.
You know what they say? Once you go white, you'll rob the world of it's resources and murder indigenous peoples;)
You think you've got problems???? I dropped my cocaine in the snow this morning.
Nothing like wearing a pair of crocs to say "I have no aspirations of getting laid tonight!"
The hardest thing about working in a restaurant is that your throat is always dry from spitting in everyone's food.
Fun prank idea: Take your friend's girlfriend/fiancé to lunch and say things that give her doubts about the relationship.
RT @RickyShucks: If you aint subbed to me, then go do that shit! please. lol http://t.co/wI0IJavJ
I like the song "I want to be a billionaire" because it's about a millionaire wanting to be 1000 times richer. Sweet-_-
@SergioRazta Dog Food:0
Hey, do you see that big yellow thing in the sky ? Yeah, the world revolves around that. Not you.
Peter Parker was lucky that radioactive spider bit his hand not his ass or he'd have shot out web every time he farted.
I can't afford a police siren so I just taped a crying baby to the top of my car. It's working, people are moving out of my way.
I bet you're the asshole that says "we" when talking about your favorite sports team like you're on the actual roster.
All i'm saying is that if you were a real psychic palm reader you would of made me wash my hands first:)
RT @Seth_is_rockin: Im soo happy I'm not u haha http://t.co/JUcpcwow
I hate when my wife asks me to hold her purse and it doesn't match what I'm wearing.
Hope they send us home early; I'm not sure how much longer I can pretend to work today.
#20ThingsILove TV
#20ThingsILove sluts
#20ThingsILove boxing
#20ThingsILove comedy
#20ThingIlove soccer
#20ThingsILove Beer
#20ThingsILove Sex:)
RT @DhatJay: Oh shit... I just noticed you're actually really ugly,
RT This if wish you had an Fairly OddParent.
Yep, we're the minority around here when we have the only Wi-Fi network name written in English in the entire neighborhood.
S/O To My Follower @leeefearn
RT @RDG_8503: You know you're getting older when you have an electric shaver and a razor #5oclockshadow
If bars can say no to drunk people why won't McDonalds say no to fat people?
#GotEm
Apparently, museums don't like it when you try to improve the paintings-_-
If emotional scars were visible, strip clubs would go out of business very quickly lol
I wish I felt as much passion for something as my dogs feel towards the doorbell.
Girls who say "I hate drama" can usually be found drunk and crying on a public toilet.
Been talking to this girl for 10 mins and she hasn't slapped me OR called me "gross"... Hope she's ok with the names I picked for our kids.
Drug dealing is a great occupation because if it doesn't work out, you can always tutor children in fractions.
God wouldn't have made children so short if he didn't want you to fart in their faces.
Friday and Monday are twins, but Friday is the twin that likes to party and is always down to bone.
When a cop pulls you over, never start a sentence with, "This may be the alcohol talking, but..."
Ladies, don't be fooled. Sometimes, your knight in shining armor, is just a retard in tin foil.
Instead of dropping Charlie Sheen, shouldn't Hanes keep him on to promote their Wife-beater Tees?
I wish my thumbs had the power of Pandora. I would give people the thumbs down & they'd instantly disappear & be replaced w/ a better one:)
The only food in Hell is the part of the popcorn kernel that gets stuck between your teeth. Also they have an Olive Garden.
Sometimes I wrestle with my demons. Sometimes we just snuggle:)
My kid just told me all she wants for Christmas is a bell so she can "make lots of money like the man outside walmart."
RT @Olivia_Grace703: RT for a Shout out!
I'm at my absolute fakest when I'm wishing people happy birthday on Facebook.
Anybody can be beautiful.....just depends on how much you drink first:)
"Instead of putting this away, I'll leave it right here for the next time I need it." - Men
I'm not bad with names, it's just that you leave absolutely no impression on people.
I've forgotten how to "hang out" with people if alcohol isn't involved.
"I have another terrible idea for a movie!" - Tyler Perry, every morning.
Santa loves the rich kids more.
It's my dream to take a stretch limo to a drive thru, pay at the first window &amp; pick up my food at the second window without moving my car.
If you never say “FUCK IT” before posting a tweet then you definitely couldn't have tweeted this...
I bet George Washington's favorite drinking game had to have been Quarters lol
Her legs spread so easy, I can't believe it's not butter;)
When someone says something was made with "love" what exactly does that mean? Did they jerk one off into the center of my cupcake?
I should go outside and enjoy the amazing weather but my computer cord isn't long enough.
Rape is such a strong word. I prefer snuggle struggle.
The human body can survive 28 days without food, but only 11 minutes without Internet.
Whoever replaced my kitchen window with broken glass and hid my laptop and tv. Haha very funny. Now tell me where they are. I'm serious-_-
My orgasm face is pretty much the same as my looking-over-my-shoulder-while-backing-up-the-car face.
Nothing kills a good party buzz like the paramedics showing up and acting like drama queens lol.
I would love to start working out, but I'm beefing up for my "before" picture.
@TacoBell #DoritosLocosTacos are the true definition of a #FoodGasm hmmmm it's like an orgy for my taste buds:)
@SergioRazta  I let Jesus be my co-pilot once. Really..... I was all, "Drive, Jesus! Drive!" And he was like, "No hablo ingles, senor!" #FML
I've been told I have a certain ineffable quality. But ladies, I think you'll find I'm totally effable if you drink enough beer:)
#TwitterFlow
I let Jesus be my co-pilot once. Terrible decision, really..... I was all, "Drive, Jesus! Drive!" And he was like, "No hablo ingles, senor!"
My 9 year old daughter just beat me at Wii baseball... I'll bet she's on the juice.
What a precious thing it is to bond with someone by talking shit about somebody else.
I hate it when I'm having the most delicious meal in the world and someone walks into the kitchen and tells me to get out of their house.
Girls who use tanning beds either have no concept of what they actually look like or have advanced fantasies about being a waffle lol
Did you know "orange" is the same word in both French &amp; English? Why didn't they do that with every word and make it easier on everyone?
Exactly how many good deeds do you have to commit to get into Heaven? I'm talking bare minimum here.
RT @Dingo_Grande: 10:17 BRIIIIICCCCCKKKKKKK SQUUUUUUAAAAADDDDDD!!!!! BITCH !!!!
If it's a boy, I'm naming him after my father, Anonymous
How to wash dishes like a bachelor: 
1. Put in sink 
2. Wait
It says right on the redbull can: do not mix with alcohol. What do we do? We make jäger bombs. We are not a species made to last lol.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
The voice inside my head has a different accent every time I read a new tweet.
Thank god pets can't talk, they know so much secrets:0
Got a mosquito bite last night. I bet that little guy is hungover today .__.
Women sure love never chilling the fuck out
Out here working like a slave-_-
RT @Garcia1Johnny: Just got offered a job on twitter Lmfao
We live in a world where pizza gets to your house faster than the police.
It's funny when virgins have sex for the first time and end up getting the girl prego:)
RT @stephanie_4132: She racheeeeetttt
Its awkward touching hands with another man in a popcorn bag, especially if you dont know the man &amp; he doesnt know youre eating his popcorn.
Vacations are a great way to spend thousands of dollars to stare at your phone in exotic locations.
Ever had that feeling where you just want to jump right out of bed? 

Me neither.
Friend1-"You`re fat." 
Friend2-"It runs in my family!" 
Friend1-"Dude, no one runs in your family."
(Guy tells girl)----- Is it cold outside or are you just happy to see me;)
So what your saying is that if I become a professional football/basketball player.... Kim Kardashian will date me:0
Teacher: Now, Simon, tell me frankly, do you say prayers before eating?
Simon: No sir, I don’t have to, my mom is a good cook.
@ErikGrampa read my tweet;)
Teacher: Eric, name one important thing we have today that we didn’t have ten years ago.
Winnie  : Me!
@ErikGrampa no what
#ToMyUnbornChild Please end up on 16 and pregnant.....
Children: u spend the first 2 years of their life teachin them to walk n talk Then u spend the next 16 years tellin them to sitdown n shutup
@TheCowBot got milk
I wonder who was the first to look at a cow and think: “I’ll squeeze these dangly things here, and drink whatever comes out!”
RT @JP_cowboysfan: Alcatraz on fox #BestShowOnTvRightNow
Just remember, when you’re feeling down: You were that ONE sperm that won the race:)
Dear Santa, this year, please send
clothes for all those poor ladies in my Daddy`s computer.
#letsbehonest we all love them hoes
I like my girls fast and easy like fast food;)
I rather spank off a monkey before shaking your hand lol
She Ratchetttt
Gullible people are sooo fun.....fucking dumbasses;)
We all got that friend that is a habitual liar.....unbelievable lies like saying he owns a Lamborghini or his uncle does-_-
That FML moment when your parents catch you having sex:0
Drugs are our friends:)
Men are born between a woman's legs and spend the rest of their lives trying to get back in them. Why? Because there's no place like home;)
Is On The Toilet (&gt;_&lt;) (o_o) (0_0) ~ (^_^) Ahhhhhhhh That`s Better:)
We've all had that moment lol
Went home at 2 with a 10 and woke up at 10 with a 2.-_-
#DrunkTweet #OneNightStand
Blonde goes into PC World looking 4 curtains, assistant says: `u dont need curtains 4 a PC`. Blonde replies: `Hello, but mine has windows!!`
Everyone has photographic memory... some just don`t have film;)
#truth
Procrastination (verb)- What you`re probably doing now.
RT @lilyisabellaaa: #KONY2012 make him known and make it stop. Get involved.
RT @KillerWitWords: I need to get me a Kony t-shirt.
@SaraJayXXX Just realized the tooth fairy teaches us to sell our body parts for money:)
#PornStarInTheMaking
Just realized the tooth fairy teaches us to sell our body parts for money:)
#PornStarInTheMaking
#KONY2012 Spread the word!!!   http://t.co/ys9vff9A
Join the fight
Gonna attempt to drown a fish,
this could take a while:0
RT @HoeskiLover69: I just read a list of `the 100 things to do before you die`. I`m pretty surprised `yell for help` wasn`t one of them...
I`ve said no to alcohol for years but it still won`t listen.
I`m great at remembering names. I just don`t remember which one`s yoursツ
In America, we will eventually have a President that used to play Pokemon as a child;)
I wish my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply!
I love arcades:).....they have this game where you put a dollar in and you get 4 quarters back. I always win;)
Dog vs Cat!!!!!

SouthPark is the best show ever made:)
Finna get that "long hair don't care" mode lol
I think I'm allergic to girls.....everytime I see them my penis swells up;)
When asked “What would you bring with you to a deserted island”, how come no one ever replies, “A boat.”?
#FuckingIdiots
I asked if she liked my handsome face or my sexy body. After looking me up and down, she said my sense of humor-___-
Always remember that you’re unique. Just like everyone else lol
Never fight with ugly people, they have nothing to lose:0
RT @ItsStewieGriffn: I like how ninja turtles wear masks, good way to hide your identity. It's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or ...
Boy: When u smile, I want ur lips. When u cry, I want ur tears. When u sleep, I want ur dreams. Girl: I`m on the toilet, u want my shit too?
Calm your tits
RT @ErikGrampa: @IFunnyLongTime hell yea lol
Why is it called a walkie-talkie if a vacuum cleaner isn’t called a pushy-sucky?:0
#MindFucked
I support single mothers aka strippers;)
Go sit on a cactus bitch
RT @Katt__Williams: I hate when fat people say you couldn't walk a mile in my shoes, i'm like bitch you couldn't walk a mile in your sho ...
RT @WolfpackAlan: People ask me why I don't have any tattoos and I say "Would you put a bumper sticker on a Ferrari?"
*At the gym, boy starts doing sit ups* Boy: 1...2...3... *Hot girl walks by* Boy: 153...154...155...;)
#winning
I remember when I was 5 and the biggest diss was, "I know you are but what am I?"
If women ruled the world there would be no wars. Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other lol
Slow Texter: The texter that texts back so slow that you have to go back to your Outbox to remember what you sent them-_-
Stalking Texters: The texters that constantly text you over and over again and you don`t reply but they still end up texting you again.
I'm not unfollowing the people that follow me though:)
Unfollowing Some people
RT @bmglass: RT for a s/o? :)
Einstein: Genius mind. Galileo: Great mind. Newton: Extraordinary mind. Bill Gates: Brilliant mind. Me: NEVERMIND.
Theres a fine line between tan, and looking like you rolled in doritos:)
Things people say when a movie finishes in the theaters. 
5% I can`t wait for the sequel. 
5% that was great acting. 
90% I gotta pee.
The awkwardness when you still cant understand someone after they`ve repeated themselves about 4 times.
#accents
Staring at a text for fifteen minutes trying to figure out how to respond.
A blonde just texted me and asked "What does idk stand for? " i said " i dont know" she said "omg! nobody does!!"
That awkward moment when someone knocks on the bathroom door-_-
RT @Traphik: Wait.. yall are reacting to me like i'm crazy. You've never sniffed a pair of your girl's panties before?!
Age is just a number. Yeah? Jail is just a room
#WiseComeBack
@jorgeE11 you forgot beer, soccer ball, child support, etc...
RT @jorgeE11: #MexicanProblems ran out of tortillas!
#IBetSomebodyOnMyTL Is bitching about there life
#MyWeakness Cookies:0
@Traphik A blonde drops off a shirt at the cleaners...The Asian lady says "come again".  The blonde replies, "no its toothpaste  this time".
I can`t clean my room because I get distracted by the cool stuff I find:0
If I was a bird,I know who I`d shit on first;)
That awkward moment when you start telling a story n you realize no one`s listening, so u slowly fade out n pretend you never said anything.
I once read this In a bathroom stall,
"The joke is your hand" lol
I wanted to send you something sexy but the mailman told me to get out of the postbox.
One spelling mistake can destroy your life. A Husband sent this to his wife: I`m having a wonderful time wish you were her.
Stupid people are awesome, they make life interesting.. :)
Passing gum in school like its a drug deal.
Everything`s funnier when you`re not allowed to laugh.
We all have that bestfriend who we greet with an insult:)
Great minds think alike but dirty minds work together:)
It is really hard to wait for the right person in life. Especially when The wrong ones are soooo damn attractive!
Why do we need algebra? Finding X is only useful if you`re a pirate.
You`d be in great shape if you ran as much as your mouth.
@_RealTweets @bobbyjay978 :)
I didn’t fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian-_-
Marriage is about give and take. You better give it to her or she’ll take it anyway.
I had a life, then me and the Internet became friends...
The awkward moment when you go to tell someone something, and then they tell you that someone else has already told them:0
RT @GorillaMcJungle: It's been a long time since I've been on here, lousy Jungle Internet.
@brewins43 thanks for favoring my tweets enjoy
The FML moment when someone invites themselves into your plans without asking-_-
When someone rings the doorbell, why do dogs always assume it’s for them?:0
My first facebook status in 2013 will be `is anyone alive?`:)
Great day to go outside and fuck shit up
Bad decisions make good stories. No wonder people find me so entertaining;)
RT @KevinHart2Real: Fake TITS! fake lips, fake lashes, fake hair, fake nails... And these bitches are looking for a "REAL" man
RT @herexme: There are so many great things to do with the human mouth, why waste it on talking?
If your not supposed to get in a car with a stranger then why do people get in taxis?
Give me a ShoutOut if your following me and I'm not....I'll follow back
#teamfollowback
The best excuse for sleeping with an ugly girl..... I was drunk;)
Fuck em so good they wake up and wash dishes:)
#BackWhenIWasAKid I only used my penis to pee:(
Teacher: What do u want to be when u grow up?
Girl: A dancer so I can get payed:)
Me: Yea there's a word for that it's called a STRIPPER:p
TEACHER:
What comes after 69?

STUDENT:
Mouthwash

TEACHER:
Get out”
Girls were put in this world for 3 things only...
1. Cooking
2. Cleaning
3. Sex
#justsayin
#ThatFMLMoment When you realize you forgot to put on deodorant in the morning...
#IfICouldWishForAnything It would be for all the stupid people to disappear-_-
#IUsedTo Catch pokemon now I catch hoes:)
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won`t expect it back:)
#winning
Dear Ugly People, You’re welcome! Sincerely, Alcohol!:)
As a kid i was a OUTSTANDING student. Most of the time I used to stand outside the class :-)
I love how some girls think that pretending to act dumb makes them cute-_-
I like being in my own world, it's okay they all know me here:)
Q: Why wasn't Jesus born in Mexico?

A: He couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin lmfao
I am not a racist, but the racist jokes are pretty funny.
#justsayin
What did the left pussy lip say to the right pussy lip? "We used to be really tight until you let that d*ck come between us."
What's the difference between "oooooh!!" and "ahhhhhhh!!"? About three inches!
How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up as an altar boy:p
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand;p
Why do woman have two sets of lips? 
One set to tell you off with, and the other to make you forget you're mad;)
Q. What's a virgin and a balloon have in common ?
A. All it takes is one prick and its all over.
Q. What would happen if the Pilgrims had killed cats instead of turkeys?

A. We'd eat pussy every Thanksgiving;p
Friend1: Isnt that your ex over there?
Friend2: Nah man, that was the biggest mistake of my life:0
I wanna feel her tonsils with my penis;p
Wanna hear a story about my penis......nevermind its too long;p
I only drink on days that end in "Y";)
#winning
I only drink twice a year, when it's my birthday and when it's not;)
#winning
Amen to that “@francisjohnrios: Where women belong http://t.co/dos0JhSx”
Some people don't understand the purpose of twitter....
#GoBackToFaceBook
RT @francisjohnrios: #thankgod for losers, they make winning a whole lot better
RT @RadicalChanges1: @IFunnyLongTime no, I feel like an idoit when they sing to you as well :)
To be continued lol.....
Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall instead of using it.
Life is like a role of toilet paper; long and useful, but it always ends at the wrong moment.
I follow the quote, "Always be true to yourself" because I only lie to others!
I`m a comedian and poet, so anything that doesn`t get a laugh. is a poem.
Am I the only one who feels like a complete idiot when other people sing "Happy Birthday" to me?!
You`re beautiful until your Photoshop 30 day trial has gone.
My room is not messy; it is an obstacle course designed to keep me fit.
That awkward moment when you are stuffing your face like a pig and you look up an realize someone is starring at you AWKWARD
That awkward moment when you scream to your friend across the room and everybody is staring.
3 biggest lies told by TEENAGERS: 1. Seriously dude, I don`t like anyone. 2. Everything`s fine. 3. I Can`t! I`m too busy doing homework:)
Try to say the letter `M` without your lips touching.
Think of the first man who was trying to get milk from cow.......wtf was he trying to do???:0
I love how, in scary movies, the person yells out, "Hello?" As if the bad guy is gonna be like, "Yeah, I`m in the kitchen! Want a sandwich?"
If Cinderella`s glass shoe fits perfectly, I wonder why it fell off in the first place?
``FBI, Open the door!`` ``Uh... no ... it looks cooler when you break in.``
How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you`re on :)
Hitting every button to stop the last message on your phone from being sent:0
I`m naked... under my clothes. :)
I had the right to remain silent, but I didn`t have the ability.
I solve lots of my problem by simply ignoring them:)
i-pad, i-phone, i-pod, i-tab.......... and finally i-bankrupt :)
Families are like a bar of chocolate, mostly sweet with a few nuts...
I feel like getting some work done…and so I’m sitting down until the feeling passes:)
The awkward moment when you know you shouldn`t laugh, but you do..
Walking Into Your Room And Saying "Wow I Should Clean This"And Walking Back Out .
Hitting the snooze button several times then complaining because you`re running late.
WTF = Where`s the food ?! (:
You can see a black object in a white room with no windows but u cant see a white object in a black room with no windows,color is so Racist
I hate immuture people who are older than me....they need to grow up for real!
If I promise to miss you, will you get the hell out of here ??
Re-doing a high five until you get it right!!
My mom thinks WTF means "wow thats fantastic" .. Today i texted her: mom i got and A on my English test my Mom said: WTF see you at dinner:)
Teacher- When I was of your age I was not that naughty. . . Student - So ma'am, at what age you became naughty:)
SimiSim is emo:0 http://t.co/0P1J2an5
I spent my whole childhood wishing I was older. Now I’m older, it sucks-_-
Life was much simpler when Apple and Blackberry were just fruits;)
The awkward moment when you realize yelling at a film/tv show won`t help-_-
I`m not single. I`m in a long standing relationship with fun and freedom.
You can’t choose your family, but you can ignore their phone calls.
Flying isn`t dangerous. Crashing is what`s dangerous.
HORROR = when you accidentally text the person who you`re talking about:0
When someone texts you "hahahahaha!!" instead of "haha" or "lol", you know you`ve done well;)
When I was little, "I am gonna tell your mom" was the scariest sentence.
You will never be too old to be embarrassed by your parents:0
#TrueTweet
Rules of me: . . . #1 I am always right . . . #2 Just in case I am wrong see rule #1 
#HonestyNight
There`s a fine line between wearing makeup or just looking like you got gang banged by Crayola.
What is Talent and Intelligence?? Walking on a roap over Niagra fall is Talent. Try not to do such thing is Intelligence :-)
Angry Birds suicide hotline, which level are you stuck on?
When a girl says "NO" A guy hears it as "try again tomorrow”;)
Everyone is capable of brightening a room; some by entering, some by leaving:p
That awkward moment when you accidentally pop a balloon your holding and it scares the living crap out of you!
Unless your name is GOOGLE, Don`t act as if you know everything.
We have so much in common, you want to travel, I want you to go:)
I think with the wrong head a lot:)
#HonestyNight
Dear Sun, we know you are Hot, please stop showing off-_-
Things to do at Wal-Mart: hide in a rack of clothes and when somebody looks through them yell "WELCOME TO NARNIA"
My back is not a voice mail. If you got something to say, say it to my face:0
#SeriousVoice
If you recieve something that says,"Send it to all your friends" , then please don`t consider me as your friend;)
That FML moment, when you spill something at someones house-_-
Whoever uses the pharse "Easy as taking candy from a baby" has obviously never tried taking candy from a baby.
There should be realtionship status that says,"I don`t even know what`s going on":0
Grocery Worker: Would you like a bag? 

Me: No, I thought I would carry these 14 items on my head....(dumbass-_-)
I bet sluts collect STD's like if they were pokemon:)
#truth
Most of the time best friends have conversations impossible to understand by other people! ;)
I posted on your wall. No, not Facebook, look at the side of your house..:-)
If history repeats itself, I`m totally getting a dinosaur.
Ima beat my meat like it owes me money lmao
S/O to @francisjohnrios he's a wise guy.....like Yoda or something:0
RT @francisjohnrios: @IFunnyLongTime and man comes before women
Teacher: "I killed a person" convert this sentence into future tense.
Student: The future tense is "You will go to jail".
Boss: Someone who is early when you are late and late when you are early.
Dictionary is the only place where divorce comes before marriage:)
TwitterFlow time:)
The baby said it all lol... http://t.co/xYzQjCnr
#ThingsThatBotherMe When people take food from my plate....
@francisjohnrios Worthless cunt if you ask me
RT @francisjohnrios: @IFunnyLongTime no #StupidThingsPeopleDo make Justin bieber a national icon...
#ThingsThatBotherMe When a hot chick acts all stuck up....
#StupidThingsPeopleDo Listen to Justin Bieber-_-
#IfWeedWereLegal I would smell like kush all the time:)
#IfWeedWereLegal Many people would not be racist cause everybody shares the blunt/bong:)
#BustOut #MatchUp
#IfWeedWereLegal I would be too stone to type this:)
#ThingsThatBotherMe Glee----WTF is up with that show-_-
#ThingsThatBotherMe Those smartass kids that are always right-_-
#ThingsThatBotherMe Dumbass people:)
#StupidThingsPeopleDo When they take a shower before going to go play-_-
Etc.: A sign to make others believe that you know more than you actually do;p
My friends don`t care if my room is messy. They only care if I have food:)
EMPLOYEE: If you don`t increase my salary...I will tell the whole office that you have increased my salary...
"Hi, may I help you?" "No I just waited 15 mins in the line to say hi."-_-
Don`t you know it`s rude to talk while I`m interrupting?
Two blondes were driving to Disneyland and the exit sign reads: DISNEYLAND LEFT. They started crying and headed home;)
The awkward moment when you`re at your friends house and your friend is getting yelled at so you just stand their and pet the dog.
You can`t face the problem if the problem is your face.
In every shop, there`s always that one employee who stares at you like you`re about to steal something.
Life is hard normally, but its harder if you are Stupid.
Do you know why a previous relationship is called EX? It`s not the term for the past. EX is short for EXpired :)
Parents, Biggest Liars EVER!!!! Santa, Easter Bunny, Tooth Fairy, Boogie Man, .... My Pony All Lies!!!
We all have that one friend that is stick thin... but eats like an elephant.
That awkward moment when half way through telling a story you realize its pointless.
"tell me when you need anything" "are you gonna come to me?" "nope, I`m gonna pretend to sleep :)"
You have one advantage over me, you can kiss my ass and I can`t.
When karma comes back to punch you in the face, i want to be there.. just in case it needs help.
#truth
I`m not a bad driver, I just don`t like lights telling me what I can or cannot do.
When a woman says no, she means no. But when a man says yes it means he probably didn`t understand the question.
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice faster when you are after it and too slow when you are in it!! :p
I just realized that the word "short" is longer than the word "long".
Today, I saw a baby with a shirt that said, "I`m what happened in Vegas." ;)
When a package says "Easy Open" I end up using scissors, a knife, a gun and a lightsaber..
The awkward moment when you can`t read your own handwriting... and you`re like "WTF did I just write?!....
If you`re gonna be two faced, at least make one of them pretty.
That awkward moment when your parents use the word LEGIT, SWAG and EPIC-_-
Our generation doesn’t knock on doors. We will call or text to let you know we’re outside.
That FML moment when you forget to take your phone to the toilet so you just sit there like "Now what do I do...?"
If you want to read about Love and Marriage then you have to buy two separate books.
Twitter: the only place where you get excited when stranger follow you!;)
I`m not bossy, my ideas are just better
History always tells a story.. That`s why you must always clear it before your parents use the computer...!!!:0
Some people say that age is just a number.In China, `Too Young` is just a name. 
#lmao
Teacher: "Can anybody give an example of COINCIDENCE?"
Johnny : "Sir, my Mother and Father got married on the sameday sametime." :)
#winning
I`m so amazing that I can fall up the stairs and pull a door that says push.
#winning
If your relationship status on Facebook says, ``complicated``. Stop kiddin yourself & make it to "single"
Don`t u hate it when you`re texting lying down & all of a sudden ur phone decides to be NINJA & slip through your hands & attack your face:0
Yes phone, I realize I have a low battery. Thanks for alerting me 50 million times-_-
Good job, you`re the biggest bitch i know. wanna cookie?
A recent study shows that people who teaches Maths have Lots of Problems lol
I love you and your friendship means a lot to me but if zombies were chasing us, I would SO trip your ass!!!:)
My Bathroom sign reads " Realize your dreams beyond this door, because this is where the shit happens!"
#winning
I don`t hate you but, My attitude has issues with your personality-_-
Remember when using "protection" meant wearing your helmet? 
#TrueTweet
Dear Human, You get mad when I wake you up, & you also get mad when I don`t wake you. Sincerely, Confused Alarm Clock:0
That FML moment when you wake up at night to use the bathroom and you crash into the door-_-
`What` and `if` are such a harmless words, but if u put it next to each other `what if` those words will haunt you forever.
High heels are a man`s invention to make it harder for a woman to run away;)
Dear shampoo commercials, why doesn`t it make my hair shiny? Sincerely, it doesn`t work.
Isn`t it weird how fairies are always females and the demons always male??
Troubles are like babies - The more you nurse them, the bigger they grow!!
Looking at a painting in a museum and thinking, "PSSH..I could`ve done that!"
That awkward moment, where theres an awkward moment, and everyone knows it`s an awkward moment, then somebody says, "AWWWKKKKWAAARRDD!"
Awkward moment, When you`re in the car, & you look at the people in the car next to you, & they`re already looking at you:0
That awkward moment when Dora the Explorer discovers google maps.
Can I take your picture?? I love to collect pictures of natural disasters.
That sexy troll face you make as you watch you phone fall:)
BF- Wanna see a magic trick?
GF- Yea babe, what is it?
BF- *Poof your single* :)
When I was born, the Devil said "Oh shit, competition..!!";)
Boys insult each other, but they really don`t mean it. Girls compliment each other but they don`t mean it either:0
Rhinos are just fat unicorns. If we`d give them the time and attention they deserve, as well as a diet: They`d reveal their majestic ways.
No matter how old you are, no matter how badass you think you are, if a toddler hands you their ringing toy phone, you answer it.
I hate when cashiers ask "Is that everything?" Uh no, I`d also like all this invisible shit...
I don`t understand how Super Mario can smash blocks with his head but dies when he touches a turtle.
Lazy Rules #1:The farther away the remote is, the more you like what`s already on TV.
Mom: "Come here right now!" Me: "NO!" Mom: "1..." Me: "Pssh, like that`ll work." Mom: "2..." Me: "Oh shit, I`m coming!"
"this movie isn`t even scary!" *Based on a true story* "Oh shit."
In a group picture, theres always that retard who does the peace sign-_-
Admit it. ..................................... At some point in time you`ve tried to see if you had superpowers:)
Dad : Son, what do you want for your birthday? Son : Not much dad, just a radio with a sports car around it.
I`m jealous of my parents, i`ll never have a kid as cool as theirs :)
Doing the moonwalk is the only way to look cool while wiping dog crap off your shoes .
