JazmineNichole
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/459129386604580864/QtTzHtEK_400x400.jpeg
Its my 21st birthday, what is life..?
I did not want to wake up to a text from you. My mood is shit now.
But on a positive note I turn 21 on Halloween. And I'm so stoked.
Late night thoughts suck, I could use some alcohol right about now.
@jenniferbrawls my life lol
I wish I had gas in my jeep cause I'd just go on a drive
Dude fuck me, I cannot fall back asleep and I am so bored
The fact that our hearts crave one another and you refuse to be mine again hurts worse than anything. Just let me love you
I've been thinking about you a lot lately. I want my life back
It happened.. http://t.co/OZPdgtgBYc
So I'm cutting all my hair off tomorrow and I'm pretty nervous.
This beautiful girl though :) http://t.co/BhkKyM2x02
Sexy can I, oh wait I did ;) http://t.co/tmYzfN3WEg
My mouth hurts do god damn bad. I could for real cry right now. And I have a sore throat. This shit has got to goooooo
I did not wanna see her on my timeline first thing in the morning. God damn it.
I'm ready for bed though, I only got 2 hours of sleep. And now I still gotta find a ride home. Lmao. Whatttt
But I did have a bomb ass night ;)
All I wanna know is what in the fuck happened last night? Bc holy fucking tits
I've missed this girl so damn much http://t.co/P26A4Ecxqt
@kimmleaubrey and you know damn well I never once stopped loving you endlessly throughout all that. You were the only reason I was alive.
@kimmleaubrey losing you pushed me to do it bc I didn't realize what I was doing till I lost the love of my life. But I can only thank you.
Waking up seeing your name on my phone cuts deep, but I'll be alright . I've already come this far .
@kimmleaubrey an no I'm not trying to get u back, it just feels good to be the old me again and I've been wanting to tell u I found myself
@allibaee @kimmleaubrey thanks, I hope everything is good with you guys. Good bye.
@kimmleaubrey thanks aub, idk if that's sarcasm or not. But its been 15 days.. and mom even said I act like the old me Just wanted u to know
@allibaee @kimmleaubrey to wake up and see aub or your name on my phone truthfully
@allibaee @kimmleaubrey person I used so I can understand why you'd jump to conclusion. But please don't tweet me again.it doesn't feel good
@allibaee @kimmleaubrey its getting ridiculous to me bc I'm completely sober now a couple beers a week now is a lot to me. I'm not the same
@allibaee @kimmleaubrey I'm not making another addiction, I promise you that. I will never ruin my life like that again.
@allibaee @kimmleaubrey I understand that, and I quit drinking like I did while I was on them. I just have a couple beers sometimes?
@allibaee @kimmleaubrey you guys drink all the time? If I want to sit down and fucking drink I will. I'm 15 days sober from the other shit
I love having these beautiful ladies in my life &lt;3 http://t.co/pumTqCzP1b
lololol what am I saying, I turn 21 on Halloween. Fuck it, there's no point to stop now.
I've been thinking about slowing down on the drinking, its kinda becoming ridiculous. Lol.
Life gets better as you and our memories fade. I never thought I'd be able to say this but I'm happy without you.
And I've realized I don't need you. But thank you for the memories.
No matter what I went through I never stopped loving you. I adored everything about you and that's gone. But I'm doin better.
http://t.co/E9VcWQWsBC
I also have a new beaut in my life :)
Its been 14 days,  2 weeks. And man do I love life. I'm so happy with everything right now :)
That was a bomb ass night #tbt http://t.co/e7A6tTxsBU
Mornin after, my lungs hurt eat your pussy just to show you how my tongue works
Today is day 9. And I feel amazing. Life is sooo good.
My emotions are all over the place right now. Im not good with a broken heart.
Its impossible to let go of someone you thought you were going to marry. It feels like you're ripping my heart out of my chest. I hate this
@kimmleaubrey hard enough bc everything I see that we have done or been through makes me think of you and us. Its driving me insane.
@kimmleaubrey little shit like this turns my world upside down. I can't think about you at all if you want me to move on? And its already
@kimmleaubrey then stop? My heart still aches everyday for you and its like you enjoy toying with my emotions bc in vulnerable.
@kimmleaubrey if you want me to move on why do you keeping bringing yourself back? Why even look at my stuff Aubrey?
@kimmleaubrey my girl brooke as in my friend.
Remember I used to have the perfect job, the perfect girl and home. I lost that bc of my stupidity. I will never make the same mistakes.
You say someone can't change in a number of days, but you don't know what I've been through to make me strive this way.
Day 8, I'm so glad I got my girl brooke and her family an my mom to make my life worth living again.
RT @SteveBenson1: If she is your chaos
And your peace
Then she truly
Holds your heart
I guess in the end you'll see. If its meant to be it'll be. Other wise my life will go on. :) I'm ready for this change.
It hurts but I know its time to let go. Its pointless to hold on, especially when that person is heartless and not the same.
@stanleyk13 hey, how have you been?
I wanna celebrate, even if it means me drinking alone. I'm proud of myself and I need to be happy with myself.
I'm wondering what I'm supposed to do now.. I've accomplished so much in the past 6 days and I still feel empty..
I hate that I feel this way. God damn it, its a pain that will never go away. You took half of me with you and I feel so incomplete.
I accomplished something so big and it feels good. But its like its not enough. My heart aches. I'm still missing a piece of my life
I'm 5 days sober and I couldn't be more excited to get my life back on track. I can finally start over and move forward in life.
I can't believe I was so stupid to let my life go like that. Thank god for second chances, I am so ready to start this new life. :)
I'm 4 days sober today, and I feel so amazing. Its crazy to think that my life is taking such a dramatic change. I am so thankful.
@Heyrikkii @kimmleaubrey but I'm the one who's an alcoholic? Fuck you guys. Stop tweeting me for real. I do not need this shit right now
@Heyrikkii @kimmleaubrey make you feel good about yourself? You say I'm a shitty person but look a you guys? Yeah you guys maybe better than
@Heyrikkii @kimmleaubrey yeah I fucked up a lot but I'm trying to make things right and all you guys are doing is tearing me down? Does that
@Heyrikkii @kimmleaubrey I don't think that. But I am changing. I am doing better. I'm getting clean,  what more do you want from me?
@Heyrikkii @kimmleaubrey does not make me an alcoholic? Are you fucking stupid
@Heyrikkii @kimmleaubrey better, I am straighting my shit out. I will get a job. And fuck you dude. Just bc I'm drinking bc I'm depressed
@Heyrikkii @kimmleaubrey I am 3 fucking days clean. You know how huge of a step that is?  And I am not looking back and I will never ever go
@Heyrikkii @kimmleaubrey I'm fucking trying. Will you please just stop and not shoot me down anymore bc I am actually. I quit. I am doing
@Heyrikkii @kimmleaubrey back to that shit. What don't you get that I am cleaning my act up. I took myself out of Lancaster to get better
@Heyrikkii @kimmleaubrey if someone holds my past against me. I'm trying to move forward and get past this and I think I'm doing good so
@Heyrikkii @kimmleaubrey she knows how I feel about Aubrey. And I've been 3 fucking days sober. People fuck up and I will be damned
@kimmleaubrey an whether you think so or not I know you're the one for me. I am doin all these things for you and I.. I just hope u come bac
@kimmleaubrey I just want you to know that I am clean and I am doin better and I am the girl I was before Aubrey. And I did it for us.
@kimmleaubrey I'm sorry I can't just forget a girl I've loved for 2 years.
@kimmleaubrey why...
I turn 21 on halloween. What the fuckkk.
I don't know what I'd do without alcohol. Its became my best friend. I wake up with the bitch and fall asleep with her. What Is life lmao
I hate that every morning the feeling I get is numbness bc I'm always drinking to make the pain go away..
I woke up at 6 and now I'm already drunk... whoops.. lol.
God damn it, I am falling apart more and more as this day goes on.
I'm laying here dripping sweat trying to convince myself that i can over come this.my heart just aches and it makes me wanna just give up.
I can't seem to get myself to take the rings off that my ex made me and gave to me. I hate when my heart hurts like this.
Some beautiful women should hmu
I wake up every morning and the first thing I do is crack open a beer. I guess you could say I'm a low life stuck in a rut.
I need something to get me through this hell I'm living in, its a constant pain, heart ache that never goes away.
Since I'm single now and trying to get my life together I'd like to bring more positive people in my life
This is what my life has become the past month since you left me. http://t.co/sT4vLKaKUM
http://t.co/Vs0IMH3WJu
Everything you've put me through I shoulda left a long time ago but when you love someone you work through things, not just drop them.
One day you'll realize what you had, and idk if I'll be here when you come back.
I was having such a great day and just one thing turns it completely upside down. The littles things cut the deepest for me.
I always feel broken.
I wish I wasnt such a soft and an emotional person. I hurt way to much over nothing.
Sometimes you have hit rock bottom so you have no where else to go but up. #positivethinking http://t.co/KHw9y4eor0
But I'd never in a million years show her my frustration or disrespect her. Im just thankful I get off in 2 hours.
Idk what it is but my client is annoying the hell outta me. She's the sweetest lady I've ever met and 100 years old. But my god I cant today
Someone snap me thatlezbojaz
Me an my wiener http://t.co/WS2ZRXen3v
I am super bummed that I have to wait a whole year till another season of Orange Is The New Black comess out.
I've became obsessed with Bates Motel.
I havent been on twitter and idk how long and the first thing I do is complain and then get right back off..lol. sorry guys
@cyndiadams37 your tellin me. I fucking hate how fucked everything in this world is now days
There bc im using more money in gas than what I make every 2 fucking weeks.
So I got on website and took both of them failed them both bc my fucking phone is a piece . Im so pissed bc im already paying them to work
My manager said I was emailed several times about it, and I was not except for the email stating I was being wrote up.
We have to do this online test bull shit for my work every month and I forgot to do it this month so I got pulled from the fuckin schedule
I am the luckiest girl in the world, all bc of one person. @kimmleaubrey i love you with my whole heart and soul. You complete me ♥
If I lost my girl I would lose myself. I would never be the same. Only bc I know she's the one. I couldn't live a day without that girl.
My worst fear is the girl of my dreams, the love of my life waking up one day and realizing she can do better than me.
I wish I didn't always feel down about myself. I just feel like im always doing something wrong.
RT @Thegooglefactz: http://t.co/nvENLw56HW
RT @coT_Morgan: I literally open snap stories and click it to get it off my feed #ocd
RT @EssentialFact: Respect blind people. Why? Because they judge others by their personality, not by their looks
RT @SheLikesItWhen1: Guys are disrespectful pricks. Don't hit on my gf, knowing she has a gf. Fuck youuuuu
I haven't been on twitter in forever. And im kinda glad....
Forgot to post this big ol bass I caught a couple days ago. He snapped my 10 lb line once I got him on shore. #fishin http://t.co/Le83YApJwM
RT @WakeUp__America: It would be awesome to live off the grid one day, somewhere remote, away from society &amp; it's never ending search for a…
I've had 5 pieces of pizza tonight.. I think I over did it. As I continue to eat the 5th piece. -_-
There isn't anything wrong with men, I just enjoy pussy and titties..
Im not one judge, but that bitch had it coming. No one is gay bc they hate the opposite sex.
some girl on instagram requested to follow me and in her bio it says "lesbain bc I fucking hate men" no ur not gay u attention seeking whore
I wish my baby girl would wake up..
It bothers me when people make statues or tweet and say "who's hiring?" Why don't you get off your ass and go look.
I hate fucking storms. Thunder freaks me out.  Aub Is passed out and all hell Is breaking lose outside our window -_-
Me and my girl have been together a year and 6 months.  And every single day when I wake up to her beside me I still get excited to kiss her
You know what I continuously think about. How incredibly lucky I am to have such a great girlfriend.
RT @TheComedyHumor: Who else used to play this game and had no idea what they were doing? http://t.co/MB6NCdL12a
But I still wuv her with my whole heart  ♥
I really hate being turned down by my own girlfriend. That shit cuts deep
http://t.co/HRQvTdHa9o
I saw a picture that was posted in honor of earth day and the girl went out and picked flowers. You obviously are a true supporter. Dumb ass
RT @ConspiracyPix: Flight 370. http://t.co/7da7mzJeJ6
RT @ConspiracyPix: http://t.co/eJr7Xr5Nag
RT @ConspiracyPix: Consumerism. http://t.co/iL3EVSVN1v
Who I am with you is who I wanna be.
RT @EssentialFact: According to astronomy, when you wish upon a star, you're actually a few million years late. That star is dead. Just lik…
But Im just glad she puts up with and doesn't walk away fron what we have. I would be so fucking lost without her.
I think I get more rejected by my girlfriend more than all the girls I've been with put together.  And it fucking hurts. A lot.
My baby girl will be home soon, and im going to spoil her with a back rub an kisses all over ;)
I have all weekend off :) this is my happy face http://t.co/2gF9gB6PE9
Caught this sucker within 10mins today.#fishin #bass http://t.co/H9FyWY92pY
I miss being able to just go outside and run a mile like it was nothing. I guess this is what growing up does to ya
Lately I've just been feeling shitty. I need to start treating my body better. I just wanna feel healthy again and be more in shape.
Im so bored ): someone talk to me for real
All my other social networking sites are super lame today .
Man I've really been off my twitter game lately -_-
I think yall should go follow me on Instagram.  I usually follow back unless I dont find you interesting
I would have to say that being in love with her is the best thing in the world. I am so lucky ♥
I just wanna give her a back rub, kiss her face and cuddle all night ♥
I hate when my girl works a double then 3rd shift dont fucking show up bc everyone she works with is fucking cracked out or on dope
As soon as I pay off my jeep im starting my half sleeve. And I only owe 400 and some :) I can't wait
I always find myself thinking of her. She could be right beside me and she'll never leave my mind. And I promise I'll never leave her side.
The way she holds me so tight, bats her beautiful eyes. All I can do is smile and kiss her perfect lips.
I cant wait for my girl to get home so we can cuddle. I hate when we leave on a bad note. I love her to much to keep fighting all the time
It really bums me out when I dont get at least 11 likes on instagram. I feel like a lame
This is all stupid in my opinion. Im sorry I enjoy spending all my time with you. You get your alone time. I just dont know anymore
I guess I need friends. Any takers?
Every fucking time I feel like we're doing good you always gotta feel the opposite.
RT @TheWorldStories: http://t.co/aUp48VghfP
Thank goodness I only have an hour left.. im so ready to my cuddle my girlfriend and hear about her day.
I dread driving home this tired bc its so hard to stay awake.
Im about to just fall asleep and say fuck it
I could slam my head into the wall right now for real
I am so fucking aggervated with my client right now. I need to calm down before I walk out and get fired
I keep dozing off.. fuckk me. 10 cant come fast enough
Man this 10 hour shift is killing me right now. I can barley keep my eyes open
My girl was like dont try and have sex tonight im putting fake nails on. -_-
So my day was going great, then It went to shit. Well then it got a lot better, but then... it went back to hell and it shall end that way.
I went out for fast food and was gone like an hour and a half. Fuck society and all these damn ass corporations
RT @girIswant: Tomorrow is Friday http://t.co/41cwhRgS9n
Whenever I take selfies I take like four and feel confident one will be good and I go through them after and im like what..the..fuck..
Me and my girl are spending the rest of the day together ♥ I'm very happy as well. I love this girl with my whole heart.
Work has been awesome this whole week. I am very happy with my new job
Im okay with not being popular on here.. bc it'll never happen. Im not twitter famous material.
lol whenever I get on Twitter I tweet a shit ton for a little bit then wont get back on for days or sometimes months...
I hate when people dont like my instagram picture that I thought I looked decent in. I feel like a lame. Social networking is taking over
My hours suck but it's better than nothing. And I enjoy doing it. I love working with elderly very much.
My new home health care job has really gave me the confidence I've been lacking. And makes me wanna strive for more.
Being happy to me means more than anything. Loyalty, communication, having fun and being responsible in a relationship all brings happiness.
But I've always been pussy whipped ans im noy one but ashamed of it. I love my baby girl that much, idgf what anyone thinks.
Me and my girl have been fighting a lot lately and its depressing me. I guess its time to go into pussy whippes mode and be all cheesy again
http://t.co/Y0fNzR13Nq
I feel pretty good about things now. Life couldn't get better. I got the girl of my dreams , a car and a job I like :)
Well training went great, out of all 4 people I got chose to do orientation today, and I start today :)
I'm so close to calling them and reschedule my training but that would look so horrible on my part. I for real have horrie luck. -_-
This couldn't get worse. Im goig to be lifting all day and dealing with unpleasant smells and I'm already nauseous .
I woke up this morning started my period, threw and have the worst cramps. Oh and I im being trained today for my new job. ):
I haven't been able to sleeo good for the past week and I dont get It. But I am sick of it. -_-
my passion is working with elderly. I just love the fuck outta old people. They actually have respect, unlike anyone else on this earth
But on a kinda positive note I start at a home health care place tomorrow but im super nervous. Its been a minute since I've been in scrubs
There is something wrong with me..
Not that'd it even really bother her bc she knows I'd come back but that I'd cry like a little bitch bc shes where I always wanna be.
Sometimes I wish I could walk away just to prove a point to you. I'd always come back, but im to fucking soft to leave.
I've been on edge all damn day, and now im just saying fuck it.
I get so frustrated sometimes. And it is over little sit but its always the same damn thing.
RT @CloydRivers: Was drivin' when a Prius pulled out in front of me. Had to swerve so I didn't get glitter and Obama stickers all over my t…
If your instagram name is team tatted and you have one tattoo, no Im sorry I will not follow your dumbass
Cooking chicken and broccoli pasta and mozzarella sticks :)
But I got to spend time with her today and she doesn't have work till tomorrow night. :)
I haven't been able to spend a lot of timw with my girl lately bc she has work and school and its pretty depressing.
I really wanna cut my hair but idk if I'd look good with it and I know my mom and my girl would be super upset with me.
Everytime I watch Sam and cat I always think that they're secret lesbians.. which would be super fucking hot.
I just slammed two cheeseburgers within 5 mins. Holy fuck. I need to go on a run or something...
I get so excited when it turns 8 bc then my baby girl will be coming home soon :)
RT @antibible_t: Hmmm http://t.co/sfyBDvncM5
I wish this food would get done already
Oh shit the Scooby Doo movie is on.
Omg everytime I go to watch the Olympics fucking curling is always on! -_-
I need to find a new hobby while im bored bc eating all the time aint turning out to good.
Someone entertain me http://t.co/pTOVSCOiag
Im mega hungry but my girlfriends dad is cooking cheeseburgers :)
My baby girl is working a double. And she wont be home till 9:30):
On a sad note im watching it alone..
But on a happy note, im watching Pirate's of the Caribbean .
Bitch talkin so much shit she cant even hear what shes thinking
I could live off grapes strawberries and water.
RT @ruth_hunt: "I suffered for years because I was scared to be out." Thankyou @ellenpage for showing it doesn't have to be that way http:/…
If you haven't smiled today I hope this helps ya out a little http://t.co/LkMXJkc8iM
I hope she likes it.. being broke doesn't stop me from trying to give her the best Valentine's day I can. http://t.co/3Eizg7m1hf
I honestly hate sea food... lol but anything for my lover
Im cooking my girl shrimp scampi and linguine. I got her shushi and we have pie and cup cakes. Oh and I got loaded potato skins
And hopefully I'll get something in return tonight :)
Since im dead ass broke im cooking my girlfriend her favorite food for Valentine's day. And I have a rose for her..
RT @antibible_t: Exactly http://t.co/XgBXpHDxti
RT @Kyliaahrenee: I let bitches know what's mine is mine. 👋
I promise I'll love you forever.
I love this girl with all my heart and im scared this isnt going to end well
I hate that my girl gets mad at me no matter what I do. Idk how much more I can take
And would you look at that, people are nice enough to notice me. Thanks :)
Gosh I miss my girl and shes at work.
I like twitter so much bc I dont know as many people personally and I can say what I want without being judge or people starting drama
But sometimes I never get any.. forever a loser
I hate when im off twitter for so long bc then my interactions go down hill and its like I slowly gets peoples attention again..
Well I lost my job today -_- what is life
Job searching earlier.. http://t.co/wI6iOLS07I
Whats goodie http://t.co/qbL8MYiTm4
Does anyone know if its really against the law for your place of employment not to send you your w2s and you have to print them ?
Oh my fuckin jesus my fingers are killing me -_-
I burnt the fuck out of my finger with steam. Makes fucking sense right
Whats up sugar tits http://t.co/MQINSbZPPy
What my night is going to consist of alone bc my baby is at work •~• http://t.co/srUeIHul4O
I just ate and im hungry again.
I've been off my twitter game  big time. I've been mega sick and working ):
Oh and for her to not be snoring right now.. lol. That'd be fantastic.
My girls sick and I've taken care of her all day. But I want her ass to get better so I can get a kiss in return. Thats all I ask for.
Will they just close canal already so my girl can stay home tomorrow.
Once its all over I have goosebumps and my dog is always staring at me like what the fuck just happen or like she saw something I didnt.
But what scares me the most is what if its all in my head and my dreams seem like reality but in a form of a nightmare that im awake in..
I know I just sounded crazy, but their is some paranormal shit following me and its getting worse.
I havent been able to sleep the past two nights or even during the day bc once im asleep im scared of the things that happen.
RT @antibible_t: This http://t.co/cMc83V3uiH
RT @antibible_t: The bible ; comedy for the intelligent .,.reality for the ignorant http://t.co/t5R4SzGCuh
Its like I forget to drink all day, then bam Im thirsty as fuck..
I always drink so much water right before i go to bed and I wake up like 4 times to pee and it's fucking annoying.
So we could get up to 6-10 inches of snow tomorrow right. -_-
Then I even brought her lunch home. I really love making her happy
Cooked her breakfast, brought it to her in bed and the problem was fixed :)
So this morning I pissed my girl off bc I wanted her to wake up so I stormed out of the room acting mad, but I really went upstairs and
@kimmleaubrey its okay, I'd fuck her too.
RT @sexual_lesbian: currently: so horny I could die
@allibaee @kimmleaubrey mhm.. love ya too faggot
@allibaee @kimmleaubrey I just saw this and just wanted say..... piss off. Lol.
I dont think anyone understands how happy I am that I dont have work till Thursday.
Oh its Friday, I wouldn't know anything about that bc I have to be up at 4:30 am to go to work for 11 hours.
The news seriously just compared dabs to crack cocaine.  You've got to be fucking kidding me?
http://t.co/WvPwJS71Uu
Idk what it is about today but my girl is pissing me off. She hasn't done a damn thing either.
Tacos for breakfast!
Hahahahahahahha dont ask. Bc i don't know http://t.co/J5SY9EyC5O
RT @EssentialFact: Gay marriage is legal in 6 states. Having sex with a horse is legal in 23! Good going America.
Every 20 minutes I've been checking to see if they closed school so every time my girl starts to look it up, im like nope your ass is going.
Idk what im going to do today.. if only I had money.
@psychedesi hahahahaha im sure she thinks about it.
Phone, ignore that shes there, wake her up to ask a stupid question, cuddle her again then make her mad and then her alarm goes off... haha
Im always awake before my girl bc im used to getting up for work and I just sit here and bug her, kiss her bunches, cuddle, get back on my..
So some guy said "thats a dress bc a skirt is above your knees" lol you're a fucking idiot.
Its 0° here in Ohio. And my girl has a two hour delay.  Just close the shit already. I dont wanna go clean her car off
I cant wait till I pay off my jeep so I can buy a new phone. This thing fucking sucks for storage space for real.
So did @Huntermoore really get arrested for hacking by the FBI
Made tacos for dinner and now watching  Hunger Games with my baby girl and her brother.
Im on my worst behavior http://t.co/PObjiLe7h4
And now my ass dont have a job bc there fucked up system. They need to get there shit together.
I was expecting a big pay check and man was I wrong.  This is so fucked. Im tired of working through temp services.
That just pissed me off.
I just saw a blonde Asian.. that was different
I just started watching this show on mtv and its almost over and im already hooked. I dont even know the name of it? lol
I really hate that there are so many commercials. I blink my fucking eyes and its on s commercial again.
My only problem is I secretly fucking hate people.
I put an application in a bw3s and I think it'd be pretty dope to work there bc tips would be bomb.
I wish my girls school would close for tomorrow):
Wait a second Ludacris is on svu as an attorney? Whattttt
I havent been on here in awhile bc I've been depressed bc my job laid my off. And now I have no money and a car payment ):
I went a visited my girlfriend while sees ate work and she made me this bomb ass drink fo free!
And now im eating again ):
I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me. But I've ate all day. I've probably no joke ate 6 meals. -_-
I just spent an hour filling out an application and my fucking page closed and erased everything. Fuck everything
I keep randomly feeling like complete shit.
Every time I eat pringles I end up eating the whole can. -_-
I just want my girl to get here so I can go to bed
"@ItsTheWeeeknd: when my boo has to leave... http://t.co/DSTGR3V2ty" I miss you
Im freezing and theres several blankets on the bed but im to lazy to cover up..
@Lezzielips had me refreshing my timeline every 2 seconds so I could finish that story. Holy fuck
RT @sexual_lesbian: I hate when bosses have no respect for their employees... don't let you being higher up go to your head.
I should go to bed soon.. but I said that last night and didnt go to bed till 1.
Whyyy do I have to go tomorrow.. I hate that I need money
I need adderal to live through this work bull shit
My hands hurt so bad from work. This is getting ridiculous..
I got like maybe two hours of sleep. I am so pissed today is going to be a drag
I have to be awake in 4 hours to work a 10 and half hour shift. Fuck me. why cant I sleep
I cant fall asleep, work will be the death of me. ):
Im just tryin to find some
Who lives the adderall life
My girls dad is cooking steak but I need to go to bed, but I cant pass up steak.
RT @TypicalMinions: i am already 900% done with this week and it's only Tuesday night
@bayronnnnnnnn @Huntermoore people have ate their own shit for him.
I need to shower but my legs ae dead and won't allow me to move..
Um alright cop. You can park your car in our driveway http://t.co/VdH4H0NPoG
So that means ill be working 50 and half hours this week. What in the fuck. But on the bright side my check is going to bomb as fuck
I so have to work 4am til 2:30 the reat of the fucking week. I hate everything
I need to go to bed -_-
If I fell asleep right now I'd get 8 hours of sleep.but my girl don't get off till 9 and I hate sleeping without her
If I woulda witnessed that, I woulda fucking blew up on that pussy.
I just watched a video of a guy getting arrested and his dog jumped out of his car and didnt bite anyone and the cop fucking shot the dog.
Wtf, some commercials are just so stupid.
I thought about my old job all day. I would do anything to go back and work at a nursing home. It actually makes the long hours worth it.
I am dreading tomorrow so much its unreal.
I just want to go to bed now.
So if today wasn't bad enough, I have to go into work at 4am tomorrow and work til 2:30. FUCK ME
Svu hasnt been on all fucking day. WHAT THE FUCK
My girls bringing me home food.  Hell yes
I send texts to my girlfriend then I laugh at myself bc i think im funny
RT @6thgraderkid: rt if mozzarella sticks have impacted your life in a positive way
@Huntermoore her pussy was beat the fuck up. She Is a mess down there
RT @jami3_xo: Thankful I never picked the smoking habit up 🙌
I hung out in Lancaster a bit hoping it'd make time go by faster..
Debating on if I should leave or not.. hmmmm
When im alone I eat a lot.
What the fuck do I wanna do today...
Aub just left for work and I already miss her.
Well Aubrey works all day. So what should I get into? Bc im not sitting around the house all day.
"@UnusuaIFactPage: Sex makes females pretty -- During sex, estrogen levels double, making hair shinier and the skin softer." Wanna get cute?
So I herd someone walking upstairs and Im kinda freaked out. But Im eating sour gummy worms, lifes good.
RT @onherperiod: Why isn't this all over the news http://t.co/RqOtAFTkxY
I have to pee so bad, but there is no way im going all the way upstairs in the dark by myself.
My head is throbbing as well as my back. ): to bad my girl wont give me a back massage. Lame ass already passed the fuck out
I wish I could just fall asleep.
Idk why I do things that I know are going to piss me off.
Uhhhh i wish she would wake up and her dog is snoring now... why me...
"@UnusuaIFactPage: Over thinking can literally make you insane, causing a mental breakdown." Me last night and right now...
Idk how I feel about The Cleveland Show..
Awesome, aubs already asleep. I hate being awake alone.
I shoulda went to the ER and not waited. If I go now I'll be there till like 3am..
RT @HistoryInPics: Gay Pride Parade, New York City, 1974 http://t.co/m2K3oI0vf2
I really need to go to the ER for my back but that shit is pricy..
RT @aishvh: ANIMAL TESTING IS SO FUCKED UP STOP
I don't think anyone understands how happy I am its Friday bc I get to sleep in tomorrow.
RT @TypicalMinions: current mood: http://t.co/knHOKsQtaF
Well we're getting more snow again, right now and it looks like a fucking blizzard and im not happy.
I have to freaking sneeze and it won't come out -_-
I wanna go to bed but I already took a nap.. work is gonna suck soooo bad tomorrow
Well today has been.... idk
I feel like I have constant anxiety. As if something in my life is going to go terribly wrong everyday.
I take bella everywhere I go.
Being home alone freaks me the fuck out. Then my mind plays tricks on me and I get even more scared. Wtf is wrong with me
When I was little my dad let me use his typewriter, and I would sit and type on that thing for days. I miss it
I hate being bored, but there is nothing worse than being alone and bored.
I kinda wanna do something but I dont have gas to drive pointless places -_-
Aubs dad just came down stairs and we didnt know he was home. It scared the living fuck out of me.
"@Buddhaminati: http://t.co/Q6758VyN5f" but I feel that it will not be in a good way if people continue acting the way they do.
I am going to die from boredom
Wellll then
Wahh I don't want Aubrey to go to work
Not to mention she ate more than half of my sandwich bc it was soooo good.
My girlfriend got the same sandwich that I got like a month ago and she said "its not as good when its mine"
@kimmleaubrey they were all reruns. Douche
http://t.co/3pkylPnLya
All I've done today is watch stupid ass movies on Disney channel. And im still asking myself why I haven't changed the channel...
Bella will just fucking stare whine until she falls asleep. And we dont know what the hell is wrong with her. But its annoying as fuck
And then this happens. http://t.co/u45V6CbJ5v
So Aubrey is home and brought beef jerky :)
So there are all these cute animals on my timeline. And I want to retweet them all..
Cartoon network just has a picture of a trippy owl. And it said "watching is better than living" what the fuck
"@EarthBeauties: Wild monkey, Bhubaneswar, India http://t.co/oIEbbewMQW" oh my fucking goodness.
I just laughed at myself bc I didnt know what pll was. Im glad I dont watch that shit. Svu is all I need
I take several pictures of bella and send them to Aubrey.  But she never replies. #douchegirlfriend
I wish my baby girl was home.  I dislike being alone.
RT @PeopIe: http://t.co/Wsh4cRDgkq
I randomly kiss the fuck outta bella. And she aint even mad.
But im gon a be honest. I wish I had work tomorrow bc I need the money. #adultlife
All these people bitching about school. I have tomorrow off  :)
"@TrapPat: Me all day http://t.co/gz4AZHVBOJ" @kimmleaubrey
RT @XO_KissesSWEET: ' i been gay before this shit was popular &amp; when the popularity die down , ill still be gay .
I bet this "Booty Olympics" page is some old prev. And he's getting all the ass he ever wanted bc people dont think before they do.
RT @RapTransIate: Gotta check these out 😂
Tyler the Creator look like a monkey 🐒 http://t.co/S48UMr5gmP
So I went an took a piss an my girls dog sits there and stares at me and whines. So I chase her down the stairs and scare the piss outta her
RT @antibible_t: Why does the Catholic Bible contain 73 books while the Protestant bible just 66 books yet both claim to be the complete "W…
I ate so much kfc. Now I feel sick.
Happy 15 months baby. I love you @kimmleaubrey
I don't feel good and I jusy want my girl but shes at work ):
RT @WakeUp__America: Not all Muslims are terrorists. Do you think all white people are in the KKK? #StopRacism #StopStereotyping
Something is not right with my back. I feel like im 80. I need to go to the doc. But dont have enough money for it.
Well no work tomorrow bc all of our buyers buildings and shut down bc no electricity.  Great. I needed that money.
RT @antibible_t: Exactly http://t.co/89Z7S3djzh
"@BestofScorpio: #Scorpio is known for being sarcastic."yes and it gets me in trouble all the time
I just got yelled at for waking her ass up on accident bc I didnt know she was asleep. Cooooool
But in all honesty I am very glad I have such a wonderful girlfriend. But shit we don't produce enough body heat to keep us and her dog warm
I could be basic and say "I'm so glad that i have a girlfriend to keep me warm." But I think we're both satisfied with our blankets.
Idc how cold it is I will always sleep with my fan right in front on my face.
Im about to pass out bc I need to prepare myself for this bull shit cold and stupid ass job I have to deal with tomorrow
Everyone's all like "omg no school again, yay" and im like yeah I still have work. Fuck all of you.
Tomorrow is me and my girls 15 months and I work all morning then as soon as I get home she'll be gone for work. Cooooool
Nothing pisses me off more than wwe coming on and not svu or ncis
RT @WakeUp__America: http://t.co/O3j9JT4xnG
RT @AtheistMel: Homosexuals do not have an 'agenda' that involves brainwashing or converting children to their ways.
That's religion you're…
RT @CALIFORNIALUV84: I can't do some shit in this country because I'm gay, but you sure do take my gay taxes
I dont wanna work tomorrow. Its going to be soo cold.
Work is killing me today. Fuck does my back hurt.
I just want to fall asleep.
@DiffKindOfLes it just scares me that someone else is taking my spot .  But I trust her and dont wanna think that.
So my girlfriend NEVER wants to have sex. And it kinda hurts my feelings
I cant wait to kiss her
I miss my baby good thing she'll be home soon :)
"You want the hammer, go get the hammer" I cannot wait to watch this movie
Omfg I hate that I pee so much. Ive drank like 2 bottles of water today. And i've peed probably 9 times.
Look at this bitch chillin http://t.co/Vz5ik8Mecu
RT @THEALIENMESSIAH: FREE MY NIGGAS FROM AREA 51
So I know my girl wont have school tomorrow but the real question is, will I have work tomorrow....
@sexual_lesbian #studsunday http://t.co/e4j78mTxxW
Thank goodness that guy found another ride.. I was stressin
All these fashion people shit things keep following me.. and idk how to take it. Are they trying to tell me something or do they like...?
"@quin_740: so you don't like law &amp; order SVU? http://t.co/Bat3UXUr37" @kimmleaubrey heres that pic babe
I love my girlfriend so much it scares me. Im scared something will take her away that will be out of our control.
RT @WakeUp__America: Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference

Robert Frost …
"@DirtyJerzLez: Home is wherever I am with you."@kimmleaubrey
And the fight goes on... -_-
Why would a 30 or 40 year old man ask a 16 year old girl to take him home...? Yeah no.
So my girlfriend is going to take the cook home from her work once she gets off and I think that sketchy as fuck.
There is nothing more annoying than my glasses getting dirty way to often.
I think I've grown up since last time I watched this cause I can't take this. What was I thinking. Lmao
RT @HotFunnyWomen: Women can always tell when you look at their boobs, even if it's for a second. One second is like five is boob time.
Whhhhhat shark boy and lava girl is on now. Im okay with this. The little kid is coming out of me
Why the fuck is modern family on now.. UHHH
I don't wanna go upstairs.. but my blader is full. Like always
Once again, cuddling this old lady http://t.co/UdDtv5YEYi
Oh my god I miss Aubrey and I just want her to come home and cuddle me
I love cuddling bell, till she gets pissy
Why can't it be 9:30 already
No one eats salsa out of the jar. Stupid fucking commercial.
I hate the episode of NCIS where they make it seem like Tony died.
My mind plays with me to the point where it scares me. I question to much
I need to find a hobby to keep my mind off things while im alone. Im going to drive myself crazy.
I need my chapstick now
My head is throbbing
I haven't got out of bed in like 4 hours.. why do I not have a life or friends..
RT @dreamcatchdyke: My heart belongs to a beautiful human being.
I get excited when I get notifications. Bc it rarely happens.
I love Abby from NCIS
Our Christmas trew is still up. But im not taking it down. At least alone.
Im stomach is going fucking crazy.
Im quite emotional right now. And im alone so it makea it 100 times worse
Sometimes life confuses me, but there is one thing I know for sure. And that is that I love you with my whole, nothing can ever change that.
For some reason today I feel that I really just need to cry.
Why did I just start crying while watching NCIS ....
Im super bummed right now
I deal with the struggle of having to go pee every 30 minutes. And I don't even drink that much throughout the day.
Idk if I wanna be lazy or what today. Decisions....
Me, my girl and her dog were just cuddling so perfect. But no she had to get up to get ready for work. -_-
I quite often stare at a blank screen trying to think of something to tweet..
I hate when all my social networking sites dont have shit on them and I scroll through the same stuff over and over and over...
I take way to many pictures of my girls dog
So im thinking yeah idk what im thinking.. all I know im just going to be bored as fuck today
A new ncis comes on and my girlfriend says I cant watch this one I'll get addicted and then I wont get in the shower.  Guess whos still here
I feel so much better after that shower.
I should probably go take a shower.. but I can't persuade myself to get up.
Yay NCIS is on, im happy now :)
Uhhhhhhhhhh
I love this http://t.co/2ZpfUgaqjA
My phone screen always gets dirty. I don't even have to touch it and the shit gets dirty
I HATE WAITING
If I could fall asleep right now life would be great. But it wont happen and ill just lay here waiting for my girlfriend to get up...
What am I going to do today...
RT @CloydRivers: Ohio State is like a fat girl. They can devour 24 cupcakes, but they choke on one little Orange Bowl. Merica.
I find spongebob very annoying this morning.
I wish I never woulda saw that. What I  the actual fuck is wrong with this world.
I just wanna fall asleep bc if I wake my girl she'll be super pissy with me and im not trying to deal with that right now.
Ew I turn 21 this year. Where did my life go.
Wahhh my girl works all day and im gonna be home alone. Wtf is this shit
The only thing on my timeline is qoutes from singers on their fake page and they all say the same shit. And idk why someone would retweet it
I difnt go to bed till like 4:30 and im already back up. Why.....
Its been a long time and man I do not feel good. Thats not even worth it
Im gonna cuddle my girl and say fuck the internet tonight. Soo good night
@jennaanne01 I am so glad im not the only one who thinks that. Every 5 minutes its back on
I have a killer head ache and honestly I've been ready for bed since I got home from work. But that was at 2:30-_-
Now my timeline is gonna be lame as fuck..
It was just 12:30. Wtf happened to the time.. ?
Do it yourself bc you want too. Its really as simple as that. And if you can't get the realization do LSD. You will never see life the same.
If you answered that question with no, you need to change those things soon. The confirmation of death shouldn't make you want to change.
Would you continue living your life with the same attitude and mind set if someome told you, you only had a few months to live?
My girlfriend is snoring -_-
@sammdenena bc the people who "created" everything are above more than half of the worlds population and we have no choice but to accept it.
I would love to get this as a tattoo but with a different animal. But this is awesome http://t.co/U0uQxPo1Jr
"We avoid risks in life, so we can make it safely to death" http://t.co/ICvE2Qyqo8
Im going to tweet all night. So be prepared.
Lesbian they just look down and walk away. Like does my looks not justify it enough, it may just be men not getting the hint. #vialasttweet
I've had men that are old enough to be my das and grandpa and they hit on me and if I married or have a boyfriend and when I say Im a ....
I work with a diverse group of people, and idk if different cultures dont understand what a lesbian is or looks like but they know now.
If I fuck up one more tweet im done for tonight.
Soo im way over protective with my girl. And its not thinking she's cheating on me but that something bad will happen to her. And I HATE IY
My last tweet I fucked up two words.. shit....
On IG lately I havent been getting a lot of likea then boo. I get a bunch. Well in my eyes its a bunch and it makes me happy.
But anywho on an awkward note, I've peed 3 times since I've been home. And guess who has to pee again. -_-
I needed to let that out, that has been under my skin for the past month.
Honestly there is no need to label yourself by the size of your body. No matter what everyone will judge you for some reason.
And I have nothing wrong with thick girls, big boned girls, skinny girls medium girls. Whatever you wanna label it. B
It actually doesn't fucking matter what size you are. You like whatever the fuck you want. Holy fucking mother of god shut the fuck up.
I fucking HATE all these stupid ass people saying thick girls do it better. Thick girls are more fun.
So today was pretttty good.
Well I wanted to be lazy with my girl but nooo. We have to go do stupid shit.
Work selfie. So glad to be home. http://t.co/8nqsqlWuil
Im going to bed. See ya fuckers on the flip side... which will probably be tomorrow.
Home is where your best friends baby is. Lmao. These movies now days..
Some days I'll tweet all day and then I wont tweet for a whole month. Dont ask me why.
Hoe.shut.the.fuck.up, I got way to much on my mental.
All lesbians know there favorite shows are either csi, svu or ncis.
There are some fucked up cases on svu.
I dont want my girl to drive home in this weather. But noooo she wont let me pick her up. ):
"@UnusualFactPage: Unbelievable Dog http://t.co/siF1clymqk" WHAT THE FUCK
RT @quin_740: this episode of SVU &gt; #transgender
I hope we're under a level 3 tomorrrow so I dont have work
This weather makes my bones hurt so bad -_-
Im pretty good at hiding all that hair.
Whaaatt http://t.co/dZcOhziena
You guys wouldnt believe how long my hair actually is.
Well im bored so im gonna straighten my hair.. the girl is coming out of me...
I have a problem leaving people for along amount of time. Especially since I've spent every single day with this girl for the past 15 months
I would just miss my girl so much. But shes beong supportive about the thought.
If I do decide to join the navy I would like to be a corpsmen. I just have a lot of thinking to do I guess.
Im so bored with life
I just wish my girly friend was her so we could cuddle or argue or something. I just like her being here.
I've been wathing svu all day. And I love it
@jennaanne01 maybe this will work for me. I get so scared of being alone. Not relationship wise but just in general and I face it everyday
Cuddles http://t.co/IJD6Ku4Fxa
If my girls wasn't here I'd probably just drive around till someone came home.  Im such a puss.
I hate being home alone. And I know this sounds like im crazy but I feel like im not alone. But in a very creepy way.
Work was hell today. But I got sent home early anyways.
@beckyhayden92 well it was a documentary on them and you may have smoked a little to much if you saw them alive. Lol
RT @Space_Captain_J: I'm going to have tattoos out the Wazoo
@beckyhayden92 sarcasm?
And then she told me that they found a skeleton of a fairy in Ireland. This is why I love my mom.
My mom is watching that documentary thing on how they found evidence of mermaids being real. And she texted me and totally believes it
Usually I wouldnt care. But she hasnt ate since yesterday morning. And I know thats not good for her since shes old as fuck
This fucking dog is so stubborn. She standing infront of the with her nose down. And trys to walk only on the pads of her feet to sneak away
When I feed my girls dog she gets so mad that she bites the bowl and wines and then finally eats it after her bitch fit.
I think im just depressed I have work tomorrow. Its gonna suck.
Well I was going take a nap but I passed out for 5 mins and now im not tired.
Im about to take a nap and hopefully I wake up abd my girlfriend will be home.
I really hate that I have to go back to work tomorrow. And my pay check is going to be shit bc it will only have 2 days on it.
kissing my girlfriend this morning felt absolutely perfect. Even though we do fight a lot sometimes I wouldnt want to with anyone else.
Me and my girlfriend just had the most stupid conversation.
I honestly dont know how I feel about life in general
Idk how I feel about tonight.
Everyone will be smashed tonight and im just gonna be cuddling my girl ♥
And its a 5 spees and I taught myself how to drive it already. Well to an extent. Im avoiding hills for awhile
I gor a jeep today. And im pretty stoked about it.
I LOVE THE SNOW http://t.co/OePnuFXw07
My dad going to test drive the truck today. Hopefully I can get insurance and tags on it today.
RT @Sickayduh: I don't watch any reality tv because I seriously can't afford to hate society any more than I already do.
I want cheese itz
I keep refreshing my timeline like somethings gonna happen
Im hungry again. Like always. Whyyyy mee
That will make my life
I really hope I get this truck tomorrow.
I wish I could fall asleep.
I think I'm getting me a lifted ford ranger  tomorrow :) hell Yeah
Going car shopping today. Hopefully I come home with something.
I wish I had a car already. I would just leave sometimes and just drive.
My days already starting shitty.
Whenever im around cute dogs I just kiss them. And I dont stop.
"@FUCKlNG_PERFECT: Not even a million fights could make me hate you." Well at least make me hate you forever.
I hate morning time bc im always the first to wake up and I bug her till she wakes up.  Then it causes a fight -_-
I don't wanna
I think the task of the day will be to take the Christmas tree down.
I wanna turn the tv on but I probably get yelled at unless svu csi or ncis is on..
I fucking love bella. She is the cutest dog
Wide awake. Coooool at least my babe has today off.
