joshegbedi
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/513767930467987456/4gULxqPp_400x400.jpeg
#KUWTK
oh oh oooohhhh
the last hours of this year,before 2014 ya
i have to get out of town
Watz up
Don't talk behind my back, if you have a problem with me, then bring it to my attention, not someone else's."
You got 99 problems and nobody gives a fuck."
It's all fun and games until somebody gets pregnant."
People just wanna be entertained nowadays. They don't want the responsibility of being there for someone."
If my yearbook photo looked this horrible... I. WOULD. DIE!! http://t.co/ghdHr875"
We all have that one friend who does this http://t.co/Zcugl75E"
Karma is and always will be a fucking bitch."
I don't chase men, I chase success!"
Asshole → fucks over nice girl → turns into → bitch → fucks over nice guy → turns into → Asshole = Never ending cycle"
16&amp;Pregnant. 15&amp;Fucking. 14&amp;sucking. 13&amp;Licking. 12&amp;Fingering. 11&amp;Rubbing. 10&amp;Touching. 9&amp;Kissing ..Welcome to our Fucked up generation."
A man like this can win your heart http://t.co/EJzv88JC"
i am deaf to bullshit and blind to fake shit."
Know your worth, Exact your standards, and Refuse to settle for anything but the best."
Seriously, life is better when you decide you don't care."
Perhaps 'Fuck Off' might be too kind"
Stop chasing and fighting over dick, if it really was "yours", you wouldn't have to fight for it now would you?"
For amazing healthy tips &amp; inspiration follow @HeaIthyTips for all that you need to look &amp; feel better about yourself!"
If you don't know this Disney movie, you had a crappy childhood: http://t.co/OXRw3vFm"
Old school songs like this bring back so much good memories. http://t.co/eoVVKKbk"
He said I love you. Then I sneezed because I'm allergic to bullshit."
C'MON C'MON, RT THIS FOLLOW ME AND I'LL FOLLOW YOU! GAIN +100 FOLLOWERS. IT WORKS :D THIRSTY RT THIRSTY RT THIRSTY http://t.co/IBPXKGZ7"
Ff @kayLlaBellz she will ff back.
Love?fuck that.Heartbreak?I had that chance?I gave that Going back?I'm past that.moved on?Believe that.
Never get mad,just move on to something better.
A lot females are so smart but yet so stupid when it comes to a relationship or picking a man.
If we ain't together,don't worry bout me.
A relationship doesn't mean SHIT if you're flirting with everyone else!
Follow me at instagram.. joshegbedi
When you mind your business, life is WAY less stressful..
Fake friends just wanna know your business to tell your business..
Bitches and bottles.
Money talk ain't got non end of discusion
Why must the good die young...why
I need more follower
Why
Heppy new yeae
RT @MethRasengan: Goodmorning yall #dopeworld
RT @RealDope_eze: feel sorry 4 the people that think their the hottest thing to walk the planet yet look like road kill #bless RT@i_am_d ...
Follow @Iam_Alexx on twitter he will follow back
RT @OfficialBBT_: In life you set your own standards. You determine what you’ll accept, what you won’t, what you’ll have, &amp; what you ...
@Iam_Alexx ok
@Iam_Alexx m good bro
The first step to get what you want, is to get rid of what you don’t need.
If you're not going to tell me something, don't bring it up.
When you find someone to love.  Don't lose yourself!
Someone can only treat u like shit if u let them
When you deal with certain people you just can't put them before you, Always stay on your grind and don't loose focus
Sometimes it’s better not to give a fuck. life works so much better.
People want the truth... But don't wanna be honest.
A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, need less, smile often, dream big, laugh a lot and realize how blessed you are.
Stop calling everyone a friend... Everybody ain't your friend.
I don't owe anyone any explanations for why I do the shit I do..
I respect those that tell me tje truth, no matter how hard it is.
It's amazing hoe irritating people can be in 140 characters or less.
I'm a person who don't sugar coat shit, I speak my mind always...
My life isn't perfect but I'm thankful for everything I have.
Keep your head up and it will be hard for people to bring you down.
If it doesn't kill us, it shapes us. If it doesn't break us, it makes us.
When people say "I guess", it really means " I disagree, but I don't feel like arguing right now".
I won't allow people to take my joy
We all make mistakes, don't act like you're better than someone else.
Be careful who you trust &amp; tell your problems to. Everyone who smiles at you is not your friend!
Second chances don't come often so use your first wisely.
Be smart enough to know better. Be strong enough to do better.
Happy people aren't those without drama, they are just those who've learned how to look past the bullshit.
You weren't born to "fit in". You were born to be yourself.
Don't take bullshit from anyone.
I don't delete numbers... I'd rather keep your number in my phone just so I'll know NOT to answer when you call...
@JФSHΞGБΞDI
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated.
Everyone wants to be your friend when you have something they want.
Don't make time for people that don't make time for you.
Go ahead and doubt me. I promise I'll prove you wrong.
Never let people know when your home isn't happy. That's when the hoes think they're invited.
You can't judge my choices without knowing my reason. Plus who the fuck are you anyways?!
If being real is easy why can't everybody do it?
I don't have the patience to deal with anyone who acts sneaky
Be a better person. Make your enemies happy by giving them more reasons to hate.
If your friends don't make fun of you, they're not really your friends.
Trust no one, fear nothing, &amp; have no regrets.
Your mistakes should be your motivation, not your excuse.
Why hate? am i that important that you have to speak about me all the time?
If someone is trying to bring you down. it only means you're above them.
I don't care who got next because I had that, &amp; I don't care who got now because I'm passed that
Life ain't about what I've done, shoulda or coulda done. It's about what I can do &amp; what I will do.
Fool me once, strike one. Fool me twice, strike three.
Be real, be happy, be unique, be true, be honest,  be humble, be yourself.
You were born to be real, not to be perfect. You are here to be you, not to live someone else's life.
Life is all about learning from yesterday, living for today, and hoping for tomorrow
Second chances? that's not in my dictionary anymore. People have abused that method.
I tell it how it is, and not how it might be. Straight from the heart that's why they don't like me
I really don't expect or ask much from people, just loyalty and honesty
Thankful for everything, the good and the bad. It made me who i am today.
Don't fucking treat me differently just because different people are around.
It's ok to have flaws, that's what makes you real.
I catch feeling fast, but once I stop giving a fuck... I STOP.
Don't judge me. You only see what I choose to show.
If you're not doing better than the person you're talking about, i suggest you STFU
It's not about who is real to your face, it's about who stays real behind your back.
You may start the shit but you ain't the shit, bitch.
What you put up with is what you end up with.
I should win a fucking award for being ME.
Fuck excuses, learn you fucked up and made a mistake.
No matter what they say don't change who you are.
Cut off fake people for real reasons, not real people for fake reasons.
Refuse to wake up with yesterday's issues troubling your mind. Refuse to live backwards, see everyday as a new chapter.
Whatever makes you mad; leave it. Whatever makes you smile; keep it."
Refuse to wake up with yesterday's issues troubling your mind. Refuse to live backwards, see everyday as a new chapter."
Once you take out the fucking trash, you don't bring it back in. Leave your EX alone and move the fuck on."
I suffer from a case of I-don't-give-a-damn."
You don't have to like me but I don't have to give a fuck, life is too short to stress over irrelevance."
People always notice when you fuck up, but they never seem to realize the lengths you go to try and fix things."
People are quick to judge, but slow to correct themselves."
Don't like the truth? Don't ask. I refuse to sit here &amp; pitch lies just because it's what you wanna hear."
"Ride or die" type of relationship. You goit my back &amp; I have yours. &gt;&gt;
I only have one life to live..and I refuse to live it doing shit that I don't wanna do."
Lying to me is pointless, it's not like I would give a damn in the first place."
Everyone deserves second chances, but not for the same mistakes.
Throughout my life: I've loved, lied, hurt, lost, missed, trusted, made mistakes. Most of all, I've learned.
My plan is forgive and forget, Forgive myself for being stupid and forget you ever existed.
I am who I am. Either you like me or you don't.
What I'm gonne need you to do is shut the fuck up.
There’s no need to rush. If something is meant to be, it will happen. In the right time, with the right person, for the best reason.
Honestly, I don't have time to hate people who hate me, cause I'm too busy loving people who love me!
I don’t care if people don’t like me. I wasn’t put on this Earth to entertain anyone.
I'm not afraid to tell anyone exactly whats on my mind. Don't like it, oh well.
Don't give a fuck about things and people that simply isn't worth it.
Don't judge or put anyone down when you don't know anything about them or what they've been through.
Work towards being the best and never ever settle for less.
Negativity is only designed to distract you from your success. Never stop what you're doing to address a hater.
If you carry the bricks from your past relationship to the new one, you will only build the same house.
Friendship isn't about how long you've known a person. It's about loyalty.
If you have a lot of haters, chances are you're a threat. People only love you when you're not competition.
Never let anything distract you from what's truly important: Your money, your family, and your grades.
If you have a problem with me come to me about it.
Fight with everything you have, just to take that extra step forward, and show them n*ggas what your made of!
i ain't perfect, but take a long look in the mirror cause you ain't perfect either.
Whatever you do, good or bad, people will have something negative to say.
when you start to think about saying some dumb shit to me just remember to F.O.C.U.S. (Fuck Off Cause Your Stupid)
I don't mind people talking behind my back it means that they are just jealous of my ass!
Jealousy is a sickness and you look sickie, Get well soon bitch
Keep your head high and your middle finger higher.
You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading your last one.
Sometimes u have to be selfish, if u can't put yourself first, u can't expect anyone else to.
Don't lose sleep over what was never meant to be...
Don't stress over someone who never mentions your name to anyone!
I'd rather have an enemy who says that they hate me to my face, than have a "friend" who puts me down behind my back.
i respect those that tell me the truth, no matter how hard it is.
You assume I give a fuck, that’s cute.
No friends &gt; Fake friends.
Don't worry bout what the fuck i been doin.
If she a keeper...then keep her...if shes freaky..then freak her...if she naughty...do it nice...and if she bad...hit it twice.
Why be in a relationship if you're going to act like you're single?
I hate arguing, but I hate holding shit in.
When they hate for no reason, that's jealousy.
The phrase "nobody is perfect" is a FACT, but not an excuse.
Cheating on someone is a CHOICE, it doesn't "just happen".
I don't give a fuck what people think of me, If i did, I wouldn't be me.
Don't pretend you care about me if you fucking don't.
Stay strong, make them wonder how you're still smiling.
Two kinds of people who can’t be trusted: Ones who say ‘I won’t do it again’, and the ones who say ‘please don’t tell anyone’.
It’s hard to trust someone the second time around, after they have given you one big reason to doubt their intentions.
You don’t need too many people to be happy. Just a few real ones who appreciate you for who you are.
Once you lose my respect, it's no reason for me to talk you anymore on ANY type of level.
Stop worrying about someone that isn't worried about you. Never leave your key of happiness in someone else's pocket.
Some things can never be forgotten, or forgiven.
I'm unique, I'm different, I'm limited edition because there's only one me in the middle of billion people on this earth.
Ironic how you can help other people with their problems but you have no idea how to solve yours.
I'm not perfect and I don't live to be. But before you judge someone, make sure you're perfect..
Pain changes people, but it also makes you stronger.
Value yourself enough to choose to be with someone who wants you as much as you want them.
Lie to me once, and it will never be the same.
I cop foreigns like Jordan's ...I'm just young &amp; I'm gettin it!"
Of to my job InterviewX_Xthere gunna hate meX_X
I love that sound u make when u shut the fuck up.
At a restaurant: would you like a table?™ No, not at all, I came to the restaurant to eat on the floor. Carpet for 5, please."
Your ex &lt;me&gt; your next
RT @iiRapper: I'm perfect in my imperfections. I'm strong in my weakness. I'm happy in my pain &amp; I'm beautiful in my own way."
I dont care if you hate me, I dont live to fucking please you!
Your lies? You told that. Your bullshit? Won't take that. Your stories? I've heard that. Your excuses? Save that.Your my ex, just face that
I'd rather have an enemy who says that they hate me than to keep a "friend" whose mission is to put me down secretly.
Life's too short for fake friends. Keep real people in your circle.
They'll hate you if you're pretty. They'll hate you if you're not. They'll hate you for what you lack and they'll hate you for what you got!
Oh = Just Stop talking to me . K = Im done talking . Whatever = Fuck you . Fine = Fuck it . I guess = I dont really give a fuck
I suffer from C.R.S. (Can't Remember Shit)
Just be you, and if people don't like it, well, fuck them.
Fuck fake friends, I need more enemies. At least they admit they don't like me.
Who ever told you I gave a fuck, lied.
No regrets, just lessons learned.
Words mean nothing when your actions contradict.
Be crazy, be weird, don’t give a fuck about what anybody else thinks.
Love can make the weakest person strong, and the strongest person weak.
Just got a text from my ex saying "I miss u." Should I reply with "LOL" or "LMFAO?"
Don't allow one person to tear you down or ruin your day. Don't allow one person to hurt you. Allow that one person to make you stronger.
I made lots of mistakes in my past. but if you judge me on what I did in my past, then you don't belong in my future.
Haters attempt to break you down but often FAIL because that same hate can also build you up.
Isn't it funny how the people who know least about you have the most to say?
If you think you're beautiful, you're beautiful. Fuck what anyone else has to say about it.
When you truly feel you're meant to have something, get up off your ass and get it.
Stop following rules and start creating your own. It's okay to think outside the damn box.
Don't take someone's bullshit because you think they'll change. You know you deserve better than that.
Beware of those that talk shit about their friends to you. Chances are...they could be talking shit about you too.
Things I do everyday: 1. Get up 2. Survive 3. Go back to bed.
Don't fuck with someone's relationship just cause you can't get one.
If things around you don't change, change the things around you.
Never get so comfortable in a relationship that you forget you can be replaced.
NOBODY is worth you feeling like shit, if they are not bringing up stop letting them drag you down.
Don't take a cheater back if you can't accept and move on from what they did, or else you're just wasting time.
I don't want perfect, I want real.
When you stop giving a damn, they start caring.
I hate it when people say, ”You think its funny?" Obviously. That’s why I laughed, bitch.
What is mine is mine and what is yours is yours. So bitch, go play with what belongs to you and stay away from mine
Don't worry about what they say , people talk shit everyday! With my middle finger in the air cause honestly I Don't Care.
Fuck You ↑ You ↓ You ↙ You ↖ Your cool ← You ↘ You ↗ and You →
today is definitely a day where i can tell you fuck you and have a nice day..and not give a shit what you think!
Please you can never compare me to anyone else, all these niggas are nowhere near me. I am who they couldn't even dare to be.
God please give me patience to deal with the people in my life that causes drama I dare not ask for strength cause I will knock a bitch out.
If you ignore me, I will ignore you. If you don't start the conversation, we wont talk. If you don't put in the effort, why should I?
Never let no nigga tell u what to do or tell u who u r.
You don't need someone to complete you, you only need someone to accept you completely.
You have to decide who you are and what you can do and then go after what you want; because believe me..no one is going to give it to you
Strange how someone you once loved can become just another person you once knew.
Jealousy kills &amp; Envy shows. Stay true to yourself ♥
Stop worrying about what others think of you.
If they aint with you...They're against you..
If people talk negatively about you, live in such a way that no one will believe them ♥
You think you'll never get over it, but you also thought it'd last forever.
Good or bad just smile. Trust, we have a lot to be thankful for!
Love me? Great. Hate me? Even better. Think I'm ugly? Don't look at me. Don't know me? Don't judge me. Think you know me? You have no idea.
My twitter Is Rated "I" . "I" tweet what the fuck "I" want, when "I" feel like it. Therefore if you don't like it "I" don't give A FUCK!!”
By the power invested in me, I now pronounce you deleted and blocked you may now fuck off.
I’m not pretending to be anyone. You’re just jealous that I’m someone and you’re no one.
I don't hate anyone... I just forget them
Once you give a hater you undivided attention you have just given up your power.
There comes a time when you have to stop remembering your mistakes and move on. No regrets in life, just lessons.
You Know My Name Not My Story!
Never hate those who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they are the ones who think that you are better than them.
You are who you are &amp; that's all you should ever want to be.
I don't live to entertain you, so don't text me only when you're bored.
If you don't understand my silence, then you don't deserve my words.
I'm too positive to be doubtful, too optimistic to be fearful, &amp; too determined to be defeated.
I don't give up easily, I fight for what I want.
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, &amp; break you; how strong you stand is what MAKES you.
Your mistakes should be your motivation ; Not your excuses.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
I don't get bitter, I only get better
Jealousy? I don't stress that. Haters? Hmmm, well I expect that.
Dear enemies, haters, and doubters...I have so much more for you to be mad at, just be patient.
Be careful about who you open up to. Only a few people actually care, the rest are just curious.
Talking about me behind my back? That means my life is obviously more interesting than yours.
I am me. I am not willing to change for you, or anyone else. Take me as I am, or watch me as I go.
I can't change the way i think, and I'm not going to change the way i am. but if i offended you, good, cause I still don't give a fuck.
I am stronger because I know my weaknesses. I am wise because I know I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.
You're strong because you've been weak, you're beautiful because you know your flaws &amp; you're fearless because you've been afraid.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, other make it happen
Don't count the days, make the days count
When you're doing well, people are always going to try to bring you down. Remember that positivity always beats and overpowers negativity.
Playin' me? I'm playin' youu.
Either you play the game or watch the game play you.
Never allow yourself to be defined by someone else’s opinion of you.
Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish it.
Stop hoping for the best and make the best happen for you. Good things come to those who wait, but they also come to those that go for them.
You should always be your own best friend and biggest enemy because no one knows you like YOU!
Be careful around ass kissers. They're always the first to talk shit and start drama.
You wont always get what you want, but you'll eventually get what you deserve...
Someday, someone will come along, and you'll be thanking God none of your other relationships worked
Never let other people control your emotions. Empower yourself by knowing who you are and loving that person.
Always put your goals and dreams first. Never let anything or anyone distract you.
If you want to make it in life you have to be daring and take risks. Most importantly you have to believe in yourself.
No I will not share my iPod with you. It's called an iPod, not an UsPod.
If you don’t like me, someone else will. If you’re not missing me, someone else is. If you don’t love me, someone else does.
There's always some truth behind "just kidding"; knowledge behind "I don't know"; emotion behind "I don't care"; &amp; pain behind "I'm okay
It goes from "babe" to "bitch" "I love you" to "I hate you" "I need you" to "fuck you" "you're my everything" to "you're nothing".
Haters are like crickets. Crickets make a lot of noise; you hear it but you can't see them. Then right when you walk by them, they're quiet.
Happiness is a choice, so choose to let go of things that frustrate you and start to enjoy your life.
I fall, I rise, I make mistakes, I live, I learn, I've been hurt but I'm alive. I'm human, I'm not perfect but I'm thankful.
Pain makes you stronger. Fear makes you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser.
Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings &amp; emotions.
Never hate those who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they are the ones who think that you are better than them.
Never let your love for someone else come before the love you have for yourself.
Never let disappointments get the best of you. Setbacks are simply setups for something better.
D.G.A.F: Learn it. Live it. Love it.
Life is short. Do whatever the fuck you want and live your life to the fullest.
Relationships that happen fast, end fast too.
Success is my only mother fuckin' option; failure's not.
My life is great &amp; nothing you can say or do will change that
People who hate on you for being yourself are jealous because you're doing what they could never do.
Don't let laziness keep you from accomplishing your goals. If you don't push yourself you'll always be in the same spot.
It's always the jealous, miserable ones who have the most to say. Don't stoop down to their level &amp; let them get the best of you.
Don't expect others to give you what you can't give yourself.
Being different is simply being you. As long as you stay true to yourself you'll always stand out.
It takes more effort to be fake than it does to be real. Always keep it 100%.
You need to have confidence in who you are and what you do. If you don't believe in yourself, who will?
Never let a setback throw you off track.
Regardless of what you may hear, there is no such thing as too much confidence!
Don't ever wait for anyone. Make them wait for you!
You define yourself. Fuck what society has to say about it.
Don't change anything about yourself to impress others. If they don't like you, who gives a fuck?
If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you are strong enough to get up.
Don't do shit you wouldn't want other people to know about.
Always speak your mind. If someone gets offended, oh well.
You can always change your looks, but you can't change an ugly personality.
Hate can't hurt you unless you let it.
The less people you chill with, the less problems you deal with.
Never regret anything. Everything happens for a reason.
Don't chase after an ex. You're not together for a reason. He's an EXample of everything you don't need in life.
If someone doesn't want you,they don't want you. Accept it and move on.
Nobody loves you more than YOU, so treat yourself accordingly.
Don't let a stressful situation get the best of you. Remember to keep your head held high and smile.
People will judge you and have no idea what you've been through. That's just the way life is.
Always make your own decisions. Only you control your life.
If you hate the "haters" that makes you a hater. Yes, logic is a bitch.
I don't need "anger management" classes you just need "shut the fuck up" classes.
I know I'm not perfect but I'm so close, it scares me.
i would take my anger out on your face, but it looks like your genetics have put it through enough suffering already.
trying to make your ex jealous will just make them happier to be done with you!
Your words don't mean shit if your actions contradict
If you ever treat me like just an option, I'll help narrow down your choices real quick &amp; take myself out of the equation. It's that simple.
You don't know me, you knew me, you wanted me, you had me, you failed me, you lost me, you miss me, you want me, now i moved on.
I cant promise you a perfect relationship without arguments and differences. However I can promise you as long as you're trying, I'm staying
I'll change your life, make it so new. Make you never wanna go back to the old you.
You will always lose what you don't appreciate.
I dont regret nothin, just look back and smile, those were the good day and i aint seen them in a while.
There's no such thing as bragging.  You're either lying or telling the truth.
Talk shit, spit blood.
They tell me I gotta lot of pride, I tell them how the fuck you gonna tell me what I got inside?
Fake friends do nothing but turn you into a fake person, so keep nothing but real people in your circle.
I speak my mind, I never mind what I speak.
The wickedest thing is when a friend turns to an enemy.
Don't put words in my mouth, bitches I got plenty to say.
When life pushes you down, show that bitch you can get the fuck back up with no struggle.
Smell that? That's defeat, nigga.
Never try to prove you're a somebody to a nobody.
Some people are gonna hate you no matter what, they're called stupid nigga.
Jealous niggas never get anywhere, because they're too busy looking at everyone else.
you change for one of two reasons* - you learn enough to want to.. OR - you've been hurt enough you have to..
Don't ever change yourself to impress someone, cause they should be impressed that u don't change to please others. ;)
The people who know the least about you, always have the most to say...
It's important that people should know what you stand for. It's equally important that they know what you won't stand for.
Hate when people from the past wont stay in the fucking past!!
I don’t understand why some people can’t open their mouth without bullshit falling from it.
Above all else. Don't forget to smile. It either warms their hearts or pisses them off. You win no matter what.
When you start to wonder whether you can trust someone or not, that is when you already know you don't.
Wanna piss off your ex? Get over them!!
People will always hate on what they don't understand..and fear what they cant conquer.
I've been let down, put down, and knocked down. But, here i am standing UP, proud, strong and ready to take life's next punch
I don't play hard to get, I am hard to get AND even harder to keep!!!
Stand for something or you'll fall for anything.
If someone makes it that easy to walk right out of your life, then it should be just as easy for you to forget them!
Running away from your problems is a race you'll never win....
Thank the fake friends, without them you'll never know who the real ones are.
I don't hate my haters, but i won't ever surround myself with such negativity. i'm better than that.
You don't like me? funny, cause i don't even know you.
Dear haters, I hear you. But I choose not to listen.
If you don't know me...THEN DON'T JUDGE ME! Nobody said you had to "LOVE ME"!
I’m living my life while I still can, not caring about the looks I get. How many times do I have to tell you I don’t give a shit?
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
If the relationship doesn't make you a better person, then you are with the wrong one
Always Surrond Yourself Around Positive People
Never Let Anyone Judge You Only You Can Say Who You Are In This World!
It's Funny How Fast People Talk About Your Failures But Become Silent When It Becomes About Your Success
Instead Of Dreaming Of Success Wake Up And Work For That Success
Never Let Anyone Tell You What You Can/ And Can't Do In Life Only You Can Make Those Decisions!
Please don't get it twisted, I may be nice but I'm still one of the baddest niggas around.
There's a difference between bad bitches and ghetto bitches.bad bitches=Always Classy Never Trashy ghetto bitches=Always Trashy Never Classy
I feel sorry for you, wishing you were a bad bitch when you're just a sad bitch.
Everyone always puts on a 'I do not give a fuck' attitude but the truth is, those people care more than anyone.
I'm not changing for anyone, if you have something to say about it so be it that shit doesn't phase me.
Feelings don't die. We all keep them alive by feeding them memories. That's the exact reason why it is so hard to move on from a loved one.
Don't Ever Let What Anyone Say's About You Get To You Give Them A Smile It'll Make Them Even Madder Than They Already Are!
FAKE hair, FAKE nails, FAKE eyelashes, and your looking for a REAL man...
Love all, trust a few.
I'll start letting my guard down when people stop giving me reasons to keep it up.
If you don't wake up in the morning with at least one goal to accomplish by the end of the day... You've already lost.
No One Is Better Than Anyone Some People Just Make Their Lives Better By Succeeding.
Success breeds fake friends &amp; true enemies.. Keep your circle tight
Fuck what everybody say your opinion is the only one that matters
Fake friends believe your fake smile, true friends see the tears your hiding inside.
There's no point of having tons of friends who won't be there when you're down.
I rather be successful and have enemies than unsuccessful and have fake friends.
Cant stand people who pretend to like you, being fake is not a respectable quality being honest is.
Don't Blend In Stand Out!
Never Mind What Haters Say Ignore Em Till They Fade Away
Having Haters Is A Good Thing If You Don't Have Haters Your Just As Lame As People That Hate On Others
Talk is cheap. But that's okay, so are you.
The best way to stand out is the stop trying to fit in. I'd rather be a square than have a circle full of fake friends.
If you can't handle the truth, don't ask me to be honest. Fuck this look like?
Even if you leave me, I know you'll miss me.
Black, White, Fat, Thin, Old, Young, Disabled, Short or Tall.... Everyone Is Beautiful. ♥
Love hurts. Boys lies. Friends Cry. People Die. Parents yell. You always try. You're never good enough and you don't know why.
I don't hate you, I hate that bus because it didn't hit you.
Wanna keep your girl? Respect her, care for her, love her, text her first, make sure she knows how you feel about her, and NEVER lie.
You'll never find the one for u when ur searching for them, so enjoy the ride, play the game, and in the end you'll win ur prize.
I don't want a perfect person, I just want someone to act silly with, someone who treats me well &amp; loves being with me more than anything.
They don't cheat with u because you're better, they cheat with u because ur okay playing second.
Women fall in love by what they hear. Men fall in love by what they see. That's why most women wear makeup and most men lie.
Every woman deserves a man who respects her and every man deserves a woman who appreciates his effort.
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others.
I get it, you're an asshole. You don't have to keep proving it to me.
You don't know me, you knew me!
Definition of "I'm fine" = I'm freaked out, insecure, nervous, and emotional.
Stop Chasing What's NOW &amp; Create What's NEXT.
Forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains, &amp; look forward to what's coming next!
I am CONFIDENT because I can admit who I am, what I've done, and love myself for who I've become.
You need to be strong enough to say no, know when enough is enough, and know how to take care of yourself.
Being feared isn't the same as being respected. Acting tough won't make people respect you.
You don't have to prove your worth to anyone. They should already see it.
Don't run your mouth if you can't back it up. If you can say it behind a person's back, you better be ready to say it to their face.
You should never have to "fight" for a girl. If she truly has feelings for you, you wouldn't have to fight.
The ultimate key to happiness is loving who you are.
Keep your head up when a petty bitch tries to tear you down and stay fabulous while doing it.
People who start their own drama deserve their own karma.
True friends contribute to your success and leeches try to take from it. Know the difference.
To be great you have to be willing to be mocked, hated, and misunderstood. Stay strong and never give up.
The more time you spend worrying about what other people think of you, the less time you spend on bettering yourself.
When your future is bright, a petty bitch will always try to throw shade. Don't let them stop your shine.
What other people think of you is none of your business.
You can be kind and friendly, just don't become someone's doormat.
Don't let past experiences influence decisions that will affect your future.
If they talk badly about the people they're "friends" with, you already know they'll do the same to you.
Change because it'll make YOU feel better. Not to please other people.
You don't need anyone to defend you. You have a mouth, so use it.
Defend who you love but don't fight their battles.
If you're not happy then just leave. You can do bad all by yourself.
Don't base your decisions off of the opinions of those who don't have to deal with the outcome.
Never change for anyone. If they love you, they'll accept you.
No matter who you used to be, it's all about what you've become.
Don't talk shit. Only speak what you know.
I'm not heartless i just learned how to use my heart-LESS
If you treat me right, I'll treat you better!
If your dumb enough to let me go. I'm smart enough to move on
People that hate u.. it's not because they don't like u is ..cause they are Jealous of u..
Don't lose yourself in attempt to hold on to someone who doesn't care about losing you.
The only person i ever get jealous of is the person i see in the mirror.
jealous niggas will always try to bring you down to their level.
Swallow your bullshit &amp; choke out my name. Understand the differences between who I am &amp; who you think I am.
its mind over matter, i don't mind &amp; yo ass don't matter!
Your clothes should be tight enough to show you’re a woman, but loose enough to show you’re a lady.
Silence doesn't mean I've quit, it means you're just not worth it anymore.
"She did this and she did that" well I don’t give a fuck, so go spread that.
Sometimes you have to stand alone to prove that you can still stand.
Heart of a Hustler.. Face of an Angel
Forgive ur enemies.. But never forget their names.
Time waits for no one.. and neither do I.
Fαℓℓ dσωn δєνєn τímєδ, gєτ υρ єíghτ.
Never lower your standards to meet anyone's expectations...
I would pay you some attention.. but I'm too busy doin' me.
Invest in yourself or no one else will.
Know your worth or you'll always be undervalued.
Still I rise.. Still I fight.. Still I might.. crack a smile.. Keep my eyes.. On the prize.. See my haters.. tell em hi..
Never bore ur haters.. For they admire u the most.
Never be so desperate that you end up settling for far less than you deserve.
I can play cool but I can't play fool.
Coins make noise.. but dollars do the talkin'.
Don't ever put ur life on hold for ANYONE.
A friend that talks about everybody, talks about EVERYBODY. So don't be surprised when they talkin bout YOU.
When you know what TRULY makes you happy…you don't have to apologize, explain or justify it..
I Don't Get Mad, I Get Money
Don't Judge My Journey Until You've Walked My Path
While you're looking bitter, I'll be looking better
Success is the greatest revenge.
No Regrets... Just Lessons Learned.
You know it's going to be a great story when it starts off with: "So this bitch"
Niggas and bitches lie equally so no one is safe.
Your ex got a new bf/gf because they moved on, stop calling and texting them and move on too!
Excuses are the nails used to build a house of failure.
The longer the explanation, the bigger the lie.
I don't need anyone in my life who doesn't want to be there.
Respect is earned, honesty is appreciated, trust is gained, and loyalty is returned.
I Don't Wanna Be Like No Other nigga "I Do Things My Way"
Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.
If a relationship has to be a secret, you shouldn't be in it.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
Pretending to be someone your not is a waste of the person you are.
Never forget what people say to you when they're angry "that's when the truth comes out".
Promises mean everything, but after they are broken, sorry means nothing.
Do I Care What You Think?? "Hell No" Keep That In Mind
If you got somthing to say to me. SAY IT STRAIGHT! that shady shit is one thing i hate.
East to the sea, west to the lands, death to the nigga that touches my girl.
You were born an original don't die a copy!
I don't know what's worse; people who lie or people who think I am stupid enough to believe the lies!
I am too good of a person to settle for anything less than what I deserve.
Everything happens for a reason but don't use that an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions.
Don't play games with a nagga who can play them better.
I can forgive , but not FORGET.
Jealousy that's what makes a bitch talk!
Its funny how FAKE people are usually always the first to claim their REAL.
Do NOT start with me. You will NOT win.
If you could read my mind you wouldn't be smiling.
C.S.I = Can't Stand Idiots
A rumor goes in one ear, then out of many mouths. Bitches Stay Talking!
I don't do pinky promises, I do middle finger promises. So if you screw me over, you're fucked, and that's a legit promise.
hm, hold on.... Nope, still don't give a fuck
I live first and leave the bullshit DEAD last.
If he never wants to take you out in public. You're not his girl.
If they really want to see you they will make time for you, point blank, no excuses.
Sometimes people don't change, their priorities do and you just stop being as important.
Life is like a coloring book. God gave you crayons and a book, but its up to you to make it beautiful
I never knew how strong I was; until that was my only option
S(he's) br(ok)en be(cause) s(he) be(lie)ve(d)
Dreams don't always have to exist when the sun is down and your eyes are shut.
"you break it, you buy it"
HELL NO!!! i break it, i slowly set it down &amp; awkwardly walk away.
If you can love a person one day and hate them the next day, you're stupid.
Cant lie I got a big heart.. I care about people,. But once I start realizing they slowly stabbing a knife in my back.. I flip the script
Accept no one's definition of your life, but define it yourself.
The awkward moment when you've asked someone to repeat themselves 4 times and you still can't understand..
When you're a fast texter, two minutes is a long time to wait for a reply.
Never fight for no one that wouldn't fight back for you , move on"
Calling someone ugly won’t make you pretty. Calling someone fake won’t make you real, and calling someone dumb won’t make you smart.
Trust No Nigga &amp; Trust No Bitch.
It takes a REAL man to realize that he made a mistake but an even better one to try to make things right.
I'd rather have someone who shows they care than someone who just says it.
It's funny when someone posts their life on Facebook for everybody to see, but then gets mad at people for "getting in their business."
I'd rather have NO friends ,than FAKE ones.
Dont get mad at the teacher because she gives u detention for texting in class,Nobody stares at their crotch smiling for 20 straight minutes
The only person who can judge me only has 3 letters in his name
I only keep your number in my phone, so I'll always know NOT to answer my phone, when you call…
The most beautiful line is "But, I love you." The most painful line is "I love you, but..." See the difference?
I can't stand people that constantly complain, but do nothing to change the situation.
No one ever gets tired of loving. But everyone gets tired of waiting, assuming, hearing promises, saying sorry, and all the hurting.
I cant stand liars!
One step at a time. Still letting God Order my steps....
life is too short not to take risks &amp; to have regrets, live everyday like its your last bcus yesterday is gone &amp; tomorrow isnt promised.
That awkward moment when you walk into a room and you don’t remember why.
That Feeling You Get Where You Don't Even Know What The Fuck You're Feeling. (-_-)
You're Kinda Like Facebook Without Friends... Youtube Without Videos... Google With No Result... A NON Muthafuckin' Factor!
Be A Good Listener Before You Have Some Shit To Say, Your Ears Will Never Get You In Trouble.
Real People Never Have To Say They're Real - Everybody Else Already Know The Deal ;)
Hᵃᵛᵉ Oᶰˡʸ Pᵒˢᶤᵗᶤᵛᵉ Eˣᵖᵉᶜᵗᵃᵗᶤᵒᶰˢ♥
Don't Lie To People Over Little Shit -__- All It's Gonna Do Is Fuck You Over When Shit Gets Real.
Don't Answer My Question With A Question... Bitch Ass -. -
Don't Lead Me On, If You're Not Planning On Takin' Me Somewhere Real,
Hate When Ppl Try To Use Me...
They Tell You To Be Yourself, &amp; Then They Judge You For It
Don't Trust Too Much. Don't Hope Too Much. Don't Love Too Much. &amp; Don't Expect Too Much. Because These Too Much Can Hurt You So Much.
Google: "I have everything" FB: "I know everybody" Internet" W/O me, you all are nothing" Electricity: "Keep talking bitches".
Don't care about people who don't give a fuck about you. Simple shit.
When I was younger I remember watchin two drops of rain roll down my window &amp; pretendin it was a race. RT if you did that too
Just because your ex broke your heart, doesn't mean I will.
I hate how some people only pray when things start going wrong, how would you feel to be called upon only when someone needs something? #TL
Mistakes Are Made..Lessons Are Learned ..Never Regret The Past..Just Move On From Them And Never Forget What They Taught You..
Just because we're not close anymore, doesn't mean I don't care about you.
Every time I start to ignore and act as if I don't care, there you go again showing up and messing up my mind.
Believe in yourself more than you believe in others, but believe in God more than you believe in yourself.
I haven't stopped looking for the good in people. I've just accepted the fact that I'm not always going to find it
If you know someone is already taken, respect their relationship. Don’t be the reason why they end up single, smh.
I hate being SECOND to those I put FIRST.
Don't ever judge anyone. You don't know their story and what's really going on. A smile can hide so much.
Being with no one is better than being with the wrong one because those who fly solo often have the strongest wings.
The people who take risks are often the ones who end up being the happiest.
Never get so comfortable in a relationship that you forget you can be replaced.
3 most painful things: trying to hide what you really feel, loving someone who loves another, and taking risk to fall in love again.
RT @MeekMilli_MMG: RT @WaIeMMG: #UpgradedRapperNames
3pac
60 Cent
Kanye East
Snoop Wolf
Nurse Dre
Frank Sea
Tony ... http://t.co/k5D3gXit
Good things fall apart sometimes, So better things fall together.
Smile like you’ve never cried, fight like you’ve never lost, love like you’ve never been hurt, and live like there's no tomorrow.
Pain makes you stronger. Fear makes you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser.
A lie is still a lie, regardless of the reason behind it. You can say you did it for a good cause but the point is, you still did it.
Dear God, I will never be able to thank you enough for always being there for me. ♥
"aight" u wanna try a real nigga... "aight" ima show u how we deal wit ya!
The less you care, the happier you’ll be.
Short girls are the cutest!
Bye...josh out
Time to Sleep...ok i mean it...good night
Bingo
Ok now GN
Be the powerful or the powerless
GN*
Goin to sleep
There are many things in life that will catch your eye, but only a few can catch your heart.
Relationships are like glass. Sometimes it’s better to leave them broken, than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
People will always hate you, rate you, break you, and shake you, but how strong you stand is what makes you.
Beauty gets attention, but personality is what captures the heart.
Sometimes you have to stop worrying. Have faith that things will work out, maybe not how you planned, but just how they're supposed to.
RT @missshugabewi: RT @LetsQuoteComedy: "Hey" , "Hey" , "How r u" , " Good u" , "Good", "What r u doing", ... http://t.co/F1dUMnwI
This niggas never fails...
Real niggas say TRUE....
"Forget the past cause you can't change it...and forget the present...cause I didn't get you one"
You never had no one like me? Well why you so complacent.
What am I gonna do? Say no?
Yo...remember getting kicked off someone's Top 8. Disrespect ting.
Don't ask me what's wrong. It's all right. Alrighhht.
You can do the right thing with the right person...but if its at the wrong time everything gets twisted...somebody say timing.
WHAT THE FUCK?
I never have enough time at the end of the day cause it's already the end of the day
Here But I'm Gone.
You never worry about the last laugh if you've been laughing the whole time.
No reasons for my ways...No excuses for my habits...that's just me.
We do more damage apart than together.
Made statements never gave statements.
Tell me what would you like me to do...to help you...help me...help you.
RT @missshugabewi: RT @TheFunnyTeens: Some people are REAL. Some people are GOOD. Some people are FAKE. And some ... http://t.co/dYr0KquW
I bet 95% of my city know my name. Can you say the same
My niggas go hard
Never trust a hoe
New month, new money, new bitches. So where my bitches at? Don't be afraid
