LanaStrimbu
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/632812996323069952/4UW8IfrB_400x400.jpg
Put your blobs away and people will start listening to what comes out of your mouth.
As a sidenote, lovers of beetles are generally unartistic.
I have been reading and unhealthy amount of fiction and it is turning me into an immoral person.
Super salad coarse eeeerrrrrr
Soup or salad course http://t.co/fAOP3DaGY3
💀 http://t.co/tHa6ADoqhM
California alone has 66 volcanoes.
"When magma wants out, it gets out."
My spider is cuter than your mammal, you golden fools. http://t.co/IQMzHrnIs8
just wanted to thank @puptheband for providing the only phenomenal performance I witnessed at Warped Tour.
You guys are essentially golden.
RT @SciencePorn: At least try. http://t.co/JDCOTLRsTK
14 karat trouser snakes
I think I am onto something... http://t.co/FlLgHGAqfi
The goal?
To answer the question that refuses to die.
I am a strong advocate of finders keepers.
I'm just trying to lead a successful life as a stoned housewife over here, really.
Ate Taco Hell for the first time and it fell below my very minimal expectations.
Rule number one in hide n' seek is never give up your best spots. Ever.
http://t.co/hl6ZOrEF5s
ALL OF THE DADS HAVE GONE SOFT
http://t.co/t7Rj1eLgtK
Made the unanimous decision to cut all of my jeans into shorts because shorts are super expensive like what the fuck even.
Teach me things; mentally and physically.
I'm not very ambitious.
RT @WeisenbachO: Imagine how loud it would be if everyone mowed their lawn at the same time
Sunday Mornings http://t.co/qxL8ikqTAx
Real life is a joke.
SO HAPPY ABOUT THIS THING ^-^ http://t.co/5V84HgTSjr
Why isn't it socially acceptable to wear goggles in the rain??
I think I am more important than I actually am.
YOU'RE DEAD, YOU'RE TUPAC, YOU'RE FUCKING BIGGIE.
There is no wrong way to use a margarita pool, you know??
RT @chloeluce_: “@cotydankh: *pours bong water on your opinion*”
Nachos are homewreckers.
SOMEONE NEEDS TO SHUT THAT BABY UP BEFORE I DO IT FOR THEM
Everyone should be able to eat bananas in peace,,
Let's get weird.
You're an inexperienced hiker and you are wearing Sunday school shoes.
Status update: going on hour 8 and Allison left me for the comfort of sleep.. http://t.co/2P4OS7qlO3
I LOVE YOU, STRIMBU CAT http://t.co/tUD8gf8v8m
Mostly unconcious, but I wake up occasionally to watch life happen.
RT @Sarah_Fisher44: http://t.co/Jh440LmyWE
http://t.co/rvRMMEPCZr
I wish someone could come get drunkie with me and watch E.T. 👽
Take me to the 1920's, I want to see the world crash.
Is there sumething I can do you fir?
Moving slower than a stoner's thoughts.
I don't know what's happening. http://t.co/cGvopiG8Si
I want to destroy something beautiful.
"Hey... even the Mona Lisa is falling apart."
Lessons learned today:
You should never fight fire with fire.
Online classes are for people with computers.
Animals are not to be trusted.
I'm afraid that I am more comfortable being a stranger than a friend.
RT @frogpissmouth: [cop speeding by on motorbike]
cop: fuck u i can go as fast as i want
me walkin my dog: dont swear in front of dog u fas…
Limited mobility in that pant suit.
RT @cierraeatskids: i feel stupid today, something is wrong
Don't believe in things that don't believe in you.
Is it impolite to tip the lunch lady??
Roadside confused in New York.-. http://t.co/yvy102bGNo
No don't you worry about me, I am fine here...right here...forever...
Allison cleaned my room and I just want to give her a piggyback ride and run around screaming about what a nice person she is.
After all, this is the fourteenth century, right??
Even walls have ears.
PLEASE POST MORE PICTURES OF YOUR FACE. I AM SURE YOU HAVE CHANGED SO MUCH SINCE LAST WEEK OR THE THREE PICTURES YOU POSTED THE WEEK BEFORE.
"They're always sticking their emotions in things that have no emotions."
-J.D. Salinger
E.T. IS A BADASS. http://t.co/R14lD4ssiv
Read a non-fiction book.Do something silly in public.Skip that class.Criticize quotes from old dead guys.Talk to a stranger.
I THINK THIS ILLNESS IS TERMINAL.💀
FOUR SCORE AND SEVEN YEARS AGO, OUR FATHERS BROUGHT FORTH ON THIS CONTINENT...
Nearly in a state of vegetation.
&gt;.&lt;
And then a higher power decided," LET LANA BE SICK UNTIL THE DAY SHE DIES."
I just got so scared to check what the date was that I had a panic attack...
IFEELLIKEABIRDINACAGE,OKAY?!
"You would read like ten books, Alana."
@chloeluce_ http://t.co/lkksL8Sj3G
PEANUT STOP TAKING SELFIES. http://t.co/McSLTr6KVk
Thinking little at all, about nothing in particular.
"WE COULD GO FROM ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE TO COMPLETE UTOPIA. I'M JUST SAYING."
Death sits in the seat next to me. We make a lovely couple.
I AM NEVER COMING BACK.
Because after all, when you are immortal nothing matters.
"of course,anything can kill youand something eventually will."
*shitty gas station coffee exacting revenge* http://t.co/L95zhdPfwX
I'm living in a womb of reefer. Leave me alone.
ENOUGH SMOKE TO FELL A RHINOCEROS.
Be Kind To Our Black Furry Friends.
aannd the three stooges are all dead.o.o
Booty Snatcher.
HALF OF YOU ARE EXACTLY THE SAME; YOU EVEN DRESS THE SAME. WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU GUYS.
RT @YUNGTRAPFLY: @LanaStrimbu YOU WILL NEVER GET ME LANA
So there is this fly in my room...never have I so intently wanted to kill an animal.
Trudging through gale force winds to have tea with the Queen of England.
Fourth marriage is a charm, right??-.-
Cold hearted
And furthermore, I adore you.
Why you acting brand new, Ma?
HELP WANTEDMusician that can analyze songs..I am willing to pay with the sincerity of my friendship or some bullshit.😒
I suppose that the only question left to ask is...Can crickets get cancer from secondhand smoke eerrr what??
I mean, on the bright side..now that I am sick I can cough up my lungs at my enemies&gt;:)
Call me materialistic if ya want, I just like to possess things.😈
I'm not a king. I was democratically elected.
40 minutes into this movie and I could not explain to you one fucking thing that has happened.
;but my mistakes haven't made me.
White bitch fall loving hoes.
@StrimbuCat I look like a troll baby.
The whole concept of mosh pits is just uncool, okay??
"Beautiful things don't ask for attention."
No offense given, but please feel free to take as much as you think you deserve.
Man, doesn't it suck when you are trying to spew total nonsense and you start saying actual words? 😐
I very untemporarily threw my sunglasses in the dumpster on trash day.&gt;.&lt;
MY SINCEREST APOLOGIES YOU'RE A PILLED-OUT WHORE WITH THE MEMORY OF A GOLDFISH.
I'm a creature of habit.
My life right now might as well be A Series of Unfortunate Events, I swear.
HEY IDIOTS, STOP DUMPING WATER ON YOUR HEADS YOU AREN'T HELPING ANYTHING.
I met a dog the other day and it taught me how to die.
ROBIN WILLIAMS SUCKED, OKAY.
In the moments that I start losing all of my minimal faith in humanity a stranger reminds me why it is there^-^
You smell like meth n' fish.
Just decided that I'm not going to age anymore.☀
I'll sell you my pickle for a nickel.
http://t.co/nrXK7Z9mnw
Of course I would almost burn the house down using only cinnamon rolls. Of fucking course.
"We are meant to lose the people we love. How else would we know how important they are to us?"
Some ladies just came up to me and offered me a bible...am I supposed to take offense to that??
All the idealism in the world couldn't shake this feeling.
http://t.co/VMLujSwmpd
Peanut sleeps in with me because deep down she is a rowdy teenager, too.
aaand watch out for turtles, they'll bite you if you put your finger in their mouth.
You should always play dead. People don't want to punch something that's dead, it's instinctual.
Yes, I am here to question the legality of marriage to inanimate objects.
Oh, My Many Colored Days. http://t.co/HK7tReO1Xk
Don't pay me compliments. I h8 u.
iwishyouweremygrandpa.-.
I want you to play "Bad to the Bone" at my funeral.
I don't trust vegetables. Like anybody could sneak up on a carrot.
Study buddy. http://t.co/jOf6BCVYuL
Give me roughly 4 business days to come to terms with the fact that I am awake right now.
Why do microwaves exist even?? &gt;.&lt;
*too lazy to breathe*
Ahh, eventually someone will notice my ability to capture animals' attention.
I feel top heavy.
"THIS MAKES ME WANT TO LISTEN TO MICHAEL JACKSON 'TILL I DIE."
I spend money like I actually have it-.-
WHERE CAN I FIND SOME DECENT BAKLAVA AROUND HERE?? it is an emergency...i promise.
My car battery died in the Big Creek parking lot so I will probably just sit here for a long time.
YOU HAVE STILL ROYALLY PISSED ME OFF AND I AM NOT GOING TO PLAY WITH YOU AT PACIFIC PLAYLAND
You ate half of my peanut butter sandwich..and now, I am going to eat you.😐
I'm 50 percent sure that 100 percent of my legs are broken
PLEASE WALK INTO ME LIKE I DON'T EXIST I FUCKING LOVE IT.
I cannot come to terms with the fact that sometimes horrible people listen to good music.
Stay awake, little misfit.
Social networking has ruined us.
Something is very fucking wrong.
FUCKING GIRL SCOUT COOKIES&gt;.&lt;
"Brian, are your boxers on backward?""...yeah"
My lust to be anywhere except for where I currently am is going to be a problem one of these days.
I miss California.
When everything stops making sense, then sense is all that's left.
My talents include eating donuts and convincing myself that I don't have homework.
And then watch Winnie the Pooh all day and eat ice cream.
I want to hit something.
Proof that math and meat cleavers will only ever be metaphorically used.
*walks into school**becomes a chameleon*
The future will be the death of me.
Sneaking rat poison into someone's food is a recognized, but generally frowned upon cure for assholes.
The bottom of my backpack resembles that of an old lady's purse.
I am such a little bitch.
Just dropped a waffle maple syrup side down in my hair so there's that.
Sometimes I use my dog as a napkin.
French toast is definitely better as a nighttime food.
THERE IS SNOW ON EVERYTHING THAT I LOVE.
Fucking Yes.
I can't even maintain a healthy relationship with myself let alone somebody else.
What I wouldn't give to have Hades himself rip all human emotion out of me.
The only thing worse than someone who hates you is someone who likes you.
And I jumped off the bed. And I was pretending to be a cat. And I was being really good at it.
My brain is turning into mush.
A MEMORY WORTH SHIT.
If I ever come down with some tragically terminal illness it is probably because I am a horrible person and I deserve it.
Cruel and unusual punishment...unimaginable torture.....imaginable torture??? .-.
Stop with this human nonsense.
Yeah...I heard an animal do that once, then they rolled him over and he was dead.
The feeling of finishing a book resembles that of a mental breakdown.
Maybe happiness is something we can only pursue.
"He beamed happily at me, content in my contentment."
I think that I will just appreciate my bed this morning..
...you ever see a lion limber up before it takes down a gazelle??
More than unhappy. The most unhappy.
In a way, simple-minded people have it a lot better than the rest of us.
wwwwwhhhhhhyyyyyymmeeeeeeeee
Movies need to be more realistic. I am getting too fucking sick of happy endings.
If you have nothing at all to be happy about, be happy because it is easier to fall asleep that way.
I know that this is probably not healthy at all, but I hate some people so much that it hurts.
When I die don't put me in a casket. Just like...plant a tree in my corpse or something...
WHAT AM I DOING HERE.
How does one go about teaching a dog to appreciate great food??
My english teacher just called me a mutant .-.
Woke up....slept all day...
HAVING ACCESS TO MONEY FUCKING BLOWS.
"I hope everybody could get rich and famous and will have everything they ever dreamed of, so they will know that it's not the answer."
Sooo am I going to figure out what I should do in to future or what because this shit is getting annoying.
Silence doesn't stand a chance against your verbal onslaught.
The human need for interaction with others disgusts me.
A machine that is used to measure pain felt by fruits and vegetables.
soo...I believe I have witnessed two old people die today...That has to be a bad sign.
The only thought that my brain can process today is that I probably need more coffee &gt;.&lt;
Reality is continually ruining my life.
I eat like a civilized barbarian.-.
The most salty being to ever saunter through this realm.
Oh hey Chloe.*sends virtual kick in the head*
My mood changes so suddenly that it makes my head hurt. -.-
I am the soggiest person on this planet right now.
Think I just made enough cookies to satisfy the entire North Pole... http://t.co/zDl2UvXS3Q
@Kiktavy_17 because I think I treat my dog with more respect than I treat most people. lol
I mean...I think I should probably work on treating people the way I treat my dog...
"The first sign of maturity is the discovery that the volume knob also turns to the left."
I will eat soup in the bathtub for 4 years.
She is really just lonely, taking solace in knowledge rather than drowning in her friendless existence.
Isn't my lack of motivation attractive??&gt;.&lt;
Buy me things.
Shopping turns my spirit animal into a three-headed fire breathing dragon.
Mama Strimbu has this idea in her head that I am going to go outside to "enjoy" a bonfire right now...
Peanut is the only creature that I want to spend my naps with.
Ppfffffttttttt.The crazy shit one can find on the internet..
Not too sure how I am feeling about being around people right now..
Bored to the point of sculpting things out of miscellaneous materials.x.x
Oh hello little hobbit!Spark my ganjaho ho ho ho
I would like to do nothing. And in return I will do nothing at all.
Can someone just appreciate my solitaire stats right now...?😂😂
Every song by the xx is flawless.
I wish I was a snowflake....snowflakes don't have to go to school.
I think getting this fan in my room might be the best thing in the history of ever.
Riddles and challenges must you face, if you ever want to leave this place O.o
I need sushi right now. It is no longer a want it is a necessity.
I mean...I don't want to call you guys bitches, but you...you guys are bitches.
Woof. I need to take a nap.
I just want to do whatever the fuck I feel like doing, but then there is this thing called money.......
So...I am pretty done with socializing for a good long while.
WHY DO I HAVE TO GET A REAL JOB?? LIKE CAN'T I JUST WORK IN WILLY WONKA'S CHOCOLATE FACTORY?
TOO FUCKING ANGRY RIGHT NOW-.-
Sunday road trip to Canada...
The coolest kid.
THIS IS GREAT. THIS IS THE BEE'S KNEES...OUT OF NINE.
Like why isn't blizzarding a word???
Gangsters and governors exchanging telephone numbers.
Terminally chill.
Perhaps, I was meant to live under a rock...maybe.
Computers can be friends too, Allison.
There is definitely something wrong with the birds today....
You're a beautiful disaster.
Free puppy pictures everyday.
My phone just told me that I am lonely...
Brian:"Hey, do you want to workout?"Me:"hahah ha hahh haa ahhhh, no."
THANK GOD.
Oh gawwd, I hate going out in public with Brian.
Since when do people not understand the concept of manners???
I deserve at least three gold stars for waking up this morning.
You are what you listen to.
ecstatic.
The Grinch and I have a lot in common.
I HATE YOU hatehatehate hatehatehate double hate LOATHE ENTIRELY
You have sad eyes.
I mean, if a really angry man told me I could only choose one food to eat for the next three months...it would be stone crab    .-.
so can i go back to the 1980's yet oooorrrrrr.....
He really enjoyed coffee and in the end he was enjoyed as coffee.
Circle of life.
DANCE GAVIN DANCE. 2 DAYS. FUCK WITH IT.
The friendly little dolphin....but it is not a dolphin, it is a shark and it is not friendly.
I can't seem to calm down okay bye
eat food and take naps
noooo worries, I gotcha.
I saved A LOT of frogs today.-.
Surrounded by horrible creatures who call themselves "human".
For those of you who have not yet found themselves curious enough to try Lays Chicken and Waffle potato chips...consider yourself lucky. ×_×
I want a psycho natural disaster to occur.
Purrrfect day for the beach.
I have done more today than I did in the last few months.
How do you...  .. ...."be social"?
I AM TOTALLY JUDGING YOU. GO LEARN HOW TO USE A TOOTHBRUSH,IMBECILE.     -.-
Yo, wastoid. You are not gonna blaze up in here.
&gt;.&lt; angryexhaustedgrumpy &gt;.&lt;
RT @onlinecutie: ive been pissed off since like 2008
How could people like us worry about a tiny little thing like the sun??
In bed and I don't think I will ever want to stand up again.
Tea &amp; Where The Wild Things Are :3 http://t.co/QnkVGf0DGA
My alarm wasn't waking me up so I started singing songs from Mary Poppins and it totally worked lol
"Our stories are the tellers of us."
Don't listen to me
Rolling out of bed today is not on my agenda.
Weird dream, dude. WEIRD. DREAM.
Conversations with my mother about things she will never understand.
 -.-
@MonnySascio when is Monny Sascio coming home??
@MonnySascio you are wrong, my friend.
Anger is a stupid emotion.
Feed me.
I can't kill this fly in my room and I am about to throw a hissy fit &gt;.&lt;
World War Z is such a phenomenal movie.
Omg I can't stop laughing hahhaha http://t.co/tAEulti9pm
"I've met bread smarter than you."
Someone better invite me to an awesome costume party because I want to be a vampire this year. It'll be kick ass.
Lana Del Ray is really pretty, but she is not good at being musically artistic. Plus this town ain't big enough for the both of us, hun.
Really happy right now.
I am so much less of a bitch during the winter.
Success is a joke.
Animals in zoos always look so sad. I just want to cuddle with them.
Did that bus just turn into an airplane?
@Kiktavy_17 OH AND PAUL. @PaulDavis469
Hey baby, do you read Sky Mall?? ;)
Grind salt or pepper
With one hand
In the dark http://t.co/lqlS7t00iv
If you have the IQ of a newborn don't try to hold a conversation with me. You obviously are not capable.
I wonder how many people in school know that I can actually communicate .-.
RT @StrimbuCat: @LanaStrimbu Hey Lana, 
It would be really cool if you brought me up a piece of pie because I don't feel like walking. :*
Spotify, if you don't start cooperating with me and am going to kill you and your entire family.
tired and grumpy &gt;.&lt;
People expect me to make important life decisions meanwhile I can't even put my shoes on the right feet.
Am I cool yet??
That's what is wrong with America, too much confidence, not enough skill
PISSED OFF
DONT SAY HI TO ME YOU PEASANT
Found this alarm clock that makes you solve a math equation to shut it off...where did this torture device come from? Satan's dungeon???
I am never going to get any older. I am just going to stay like this for the rest of my life. Really.
THE STORM IS UPON US
bored of myself
I am so tired I might just crawl the rest of the way home. .-.
I think I have officially reached boiling point.
ATTENTION ALL FAGGOTS:
SILENCE IS THE ANSWER.
I STILL CANT MEMORIZE MY SCHEDULE WHAT THE FUCK.
Me: *hides in a cave all summer*
*school starts*
My friends: What is your first name again??
Waah, I want one so badly. http://t.co/zKCNf9VMTR
What's the definition of love if it isn't material things??
My motivation level right now is about -43.
THIS DUDE IS SO LONELY THAT HE SINGS SONGS TO HIS TARANTULA I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING.
ZZZOHHMYYYGODDD I could eat like a million glazed donuts right now.
I want to punt you one thousand miles in any direction.
NO you dense, irritating, menacing beast of burden.
I haven't taken a picture showing my teeth in five years. This is weird.
You know what happens when Brian Strimbu is your little brother?? You find yourself taking a shower with two snails.
lol @ me being the least photogenic creature on this planet.
Its funny how much sitting down and doing nothing all day can exhaust you...
Today did not go at all as I had planned.
SEPTEMBER 22nd IS A REALLY IMPORTANT DATE.
I want to steal Chloe's record player -.-
Fucking Walmart
I want to do a back flip.
Watson, come over.
Get away.
Fair food makes me realize how good salads are.
Life changing. http://t.co/VYI9ySFFNG
Potato salad is NOT a pocket food.
Friends are just okay.
I got bored of taking normal pictures so now I just take them upside down.
I need to work on the amount of times I say "dude" because right now I am at like every other sentence. lol
Brian raced the bus driver on his bicycle...  :') :')
brb counting sheep
RT @christianovelli: Yes I am hanging out alone next to a lamp but it’s not because I’m antisocial. It is because I am a moth actually
SORRY THAT I AM A FAGGOT.
All of my friends are dead.
Lunch...with myself. Cool dude.
FUCK THIS SHIT
Don't know how to feel about tomorrow, but I advise that you stay a safe distance away from me.
suddenly hating the feeling of never knowing what's behind me
I JUST WANT A REALLY COOL PET THAT WILL CUDDLE WITH ME AND DIE IN LIKE THREE YEARS.
Hit me with a train.
What year is it even??
What's up nigga? Why are you so depressed and sad and shit like a little bitch??
Instagram a picture of your facial hair so I know it's real.
I can be nice. Sometimes. Maybe.
I have the long-term memory of a goldfish.
Torturous.
Don't take what you don't need from me.
If you haven't listened to Doris yet then you aren't a real person.
Sunday//Earl Sweatshirt ft. Frank Ocean
You know sometimes in Florida a sinkhole will open up and suck people into the earth?? Yeah I am kinda hoping that happens here.
*sneezes*
Stranger: "God bless you."
"GOD ISN'T REAL."
I am in such a bad mood tonight that I can't even try to think through it without wanting to implode.
Talking to people physically exhausts me.
my hair stylist told me I am fun                            lol
I wasted my summer??? HA                               More like my entire life so far.
Aaaaaand onto day 67429401 of wearing just about the same outfit and repeating just about the same routine. What's new???
I know everyone feels this way, but damnitt I cannot wait to be 18.
FUCK YOU TOO
What his voice lacks in volume it makes up for with emotion.
The Wolves (Act 1 &amp; 2) // Bon Iver
If you bring me a glazed donut I will never let go of you. And that's not a threat, it's a promise. :3
See you all in hell.
OMGHUNGRY
The Happier- a group of people too happy for my personality to mix well with theirs.
If you like to stare at walls and listen to music you can come join me.
I can't get out of bed and it is becoming a real problem.
THERE IS A CRICKET. IN MY KITCHEN.
Dancing to hardcore resembles extreme yoga.
I AM SO ANGRY RIGHT NOW.                            SO.                                                                    ANGRY.
There is a certain comfort that can only be achieved right after you wake up.
Without food there is no happiness.
Sweetheart, what have you done to us?
The Place Beyond the Pines is far superior to any recent film.
If someone glued me to my bed this morning my day still would have been the same.
Hey cutie.
Ehh, I think I will just...sleep my life away.
Everyone should go purchase one of these. They make mornings better. http://t.co/b5bxLtxq5l
What if I get stuck here forever?
Let me illuminate to you the precarious situation in which you have found yourself.
My hair does what it wants.
BEING A GIRL FUCKING SUCKS SOMETIMES. WHY. WHY. WHY.
waaah, bring me fries please.
This isn't a good day for me.
So High//Rebelution
When you grow up, your heart dies.
Just took a 45 minute shower only to discover at the end that I had a spider visitor the whole time. &gt;.&lt;
because I'm old and that's what I am
I bet puppy dreams are the most adorable things ever.
Rise n Shine Bitches.
RT @Random_Pun: write my twitter name on your corpse so i can use it as my header
http://t.co/ipaTY1K78x
Your intensity is for shit.
"A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left."
Know your limits only to break your limits.
Smile at strangers.
HEY EVERYONE THE BREAKFAST CLUB IS ON NETFLIX
99% of the choices I make are wrong ones.
We all sit around on twitter complaining about how much humanity sucks, but humanity sucks because we are all sitting around on twitter.
I feel horrid. -.-
RT @whorech4ta: I'm bad for your health
I can't stop sneezing and it is upsetting.
I have poor social skills.
THANK FUCKING GOD IT IS THIS TIME OF THE YEAR I HAVE BEEN WATCHING SHARK WEEK RE-RUNS ON NETFLIX FOR LIKE A YEAR NOW.
Oh my god. More of my food ends up in my hair than in my mouth, I swear.
New faces are all around you. Open your eyes.
GO TO AFRICA. MARRY A BLACK MAN. HAVE CHILDREN THAT LOOK LIKE CHOCOLATE.
I got my temps. Woof.
"@TayaCook_: Being as an Ocean gave me a brand new emotion and idk what it is"
ShArK wEeK iN lIkE tWo DaYs.. ^-^
I have the posture of a 93 year old slug. Pathetic.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALLISON. HAVE FUN BEING OLD.
My mom has a weird obsession with my hands...    .-.
The Neighbourhood is really quite perfect.
Days are starting to feel like hours.
I was just sentenced to four years of hard labor. In the dungeon.
"If I don't eat a tablespoon of honey and two peas everyday I will blow up."
If you have the opportunity to fall into the Arctic Ocean...don't do it.
Come on, skinny love.
Nature doesn't recognize good and evil. It only recognizes balance and imbalance.
RT @O_weisenbach: *takes pancakes, lays them all over Lana's bed, pours gasoline on them, and lights a match*
A peasant like you doesn't deserve friendship like mine. *dramatic sigh* hahahahaha, but that was cute.
OLIVIA STOP TAKING ABOUT PANCAKES YOU ARE MAKING ME HUNGRY.        &gt;.&lt;
I BRUSH MY TEETH FOUR TIMES A DAY LIKE MY DENTIST TELLS ME TO.
I just can't stop drawing all over everything..
Successfully spent day. \m/
...this is not my burrito D:
BIG AL JUST FOLDED ALL OF MY VACATION LAUNDRY FOR ME OMG I LOVE HER.
The wisdom's in the trees not the glass windows.
I understand that everyone messes up, but you mess up more than everyone.
We will now begin our departure back into reality.
Rhythm is nothing.
RT @esmissmarie: Wake me up when it's Christmas Eve.
Adults are weird 'n' gross.
Where are you???
♪one day baby we'll be old; oh baby we'll be old and think of all the stories that we could've told♪
"The brave do not live forever, but the cautious do not live at all."
@ToriMolchak oh no D:  you might have to borrow another one!
All I have done today is caught about 2 million M&amp;M's in my mouth and visited a dolphin who appeared to be extremely stoned.
That 2% asshole.
Ehh I mean, I don't have too much to worry about.
RT @StrimbuCat: If your face is swollen from the severe beatings of life, smile and pretend to be a fat man.
tropical storms are breathtaking
Vacation is what I need right now.
There aren't supposed to be any rules.
Brainwash your face.
If you locked me in my room for several days with a bag of cheetos I would probably be perfectly okay.
RT @StrimbuCat: I can tell that Lana really digs my dance moves.
RT @whorech4ta: I do not fuck with mosquitos
I will be better at acting younger when I'm older.
My hiccups are echoing and it is making me feel uncomfortably alone.
I enjoy leaving people in a confused state of mind.
It's like a bar of soap with teeth. O.o
I keep hitting my head off of EVERYTHING -.-
I am sooo stressed out.
Look, imma fix it.
I have a short temper.
My dad just gave me 40 dollars and said, "Here, go eat things tomorrow."                              That is love. &lt;3
RT @Random_Pun: oh hey its not the 4th of july anymore we can all go back to hating america
Right on.
So uh, last night for some reason watching glaciers was really fascinating to me..
A majority of humanity sucks. End of story.
"There are times when the only choices you have left are bad ones."
This might be the girliest thing I've said in my life, but will someone come play with my hair?? .-.
A mythical creature that has the ability to shift between a man and a beast.
It always rains at inconvenient times.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are??
Don't rely on things you read on highway signs or magazines ♪
This frog thought that he was too cool for me. http://t.co/0iPdWloc5R
Today is a perfect day to watch movies. ^-^
Ahhh fuck, I just ate SO much bacon.
HI I'M KAYLA RIDDLE FROM FACEBOOK.
I HAVE SO MANY PILLOWS ON MY BED. I DON'T EVEN LIKE PILLOWS.
Unintentional tear for this hillbilly dude that just ran over his dog...      °-°
I've been rock 'n' rolling for like...100 years.
I'M MAKING THINGS.
I don't dress for the weather,                                      the weather dresses for me.
Soo...I spend a lot of money, always.
Hello Satan.
I mostly spend my nights trying to beat my personal record in Solitaire.-.
I want a cookie.
Am I allowed to be a hooligan?
Warm weather and I don't quite get along.
RT @StrimbuCat: SOOPER MOON
MATT YOU FUCKING SUCK.
I had consistent nightmares all night and it was uncomfortable.
I don't want to work for the rest of my life so who feels like financially supporting me for eternity???
Pppsshhhh, who needs people when chocolate ice cream is still in existence??
Nighttime shenanigans.-.
don't cha know the bad makes the good sooo good♫♪♫♪
I can't eat watermelon without getting it all over the place and it is becoming a real problem.
I think I am going to start paying for things with Monopoly money.
Some people can almost run a whole third-world country when given a computer and I'm like,"oh hey twitter"
This house is slowly deteriorating due to the four senseless, contradistinctive adolescents that call this place home.
@DEEEEEEEEE_E  I mean, if that's what you're into...  :P
I feel as though most of us are pretty average and are more disappointing than a 1980's whore.
I have lost more hair ties in the last 12 hours than any of you have lost so far in your natural born lives.
"Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do."
Please, please someone become genius enough to create a time machine before I hit 20.
...will someone buy me a tarantula?
You're nauseating.
Like seriously. If someone can convince me any movie is far superior I will pay you large sums of money until the day I die.
That movie, could never ever have been created more perfectly than it was. Ever.
I am watching The Breakfast Club for the first time ever...and I am really really really really excited.
It will ruin the fun out of it.                              It will take it out of the fun.
RT @StrimbuCat: Lana and I are going for a long walk in the woods.. YAY
I have mixed emotions towards the invention of the camera.
WEAK. ALL OF YOU.
I think this firefly is trying to communicate with me, but I just can't understand the little dude:/
My cable box is a douche bag.
One of those huge male mosquitoes that don't even bite is flying around my room and I am too scared to kill it.
I HOPE THIS SHIRT MAKES YOU ENTIRELY UNCOMFORTABLE YAAY^-^ http://t.co/ixIDjW2fp6
Sometimes, I feel as lonely as the Queen of England.-.
I am convinced I was born one generation too late.
Mr. Strimbu, I am sorry you caught me in my attempts at being a rebellious teenager.
RT @StrimbuCat: "Alright, Now what do you have to say for yourselves you Fucking Stoners?"
RT @whorech4ta: Yes, I know what I’m doing. I’m fucking up.
I lost a sock.-.
"@HeyImLUCE: @LanaStrimbu I miss you so much sugar plum•_•" I MISS YOU    &gt;.&lt;
This weather is...absolutely wonderful ^-^
RT @SonnyMascio: I've been having this really weird feeling lately that I just can't shake.
I just have this one outfit that I wear like every other day...
I AM IN A FUNK.
YOU. FUCKING. BITCH.
Catholic dads dancing to an old man who is playing the tuba.
I think my neighbours are all battling each other to see who can be the biggest douche bag.
RT @StrimbuCat: My sister cracks me up.
I am so exhausted.
I just want to feed the birds.
siiiiiiighhh
*so comfortable lying in bed that I become the bed*
I wish I could dream forever and ever and ever.
I think that we are here...to fuck shit up.
I wish I had a green thumb, but instead I kill everything that I touch...
I am ready for this day to start only because I am ready for this day to be over.
I should voyage to the island of misfit toys and stay for a while.
@StrimbuCat I DID
I drop the milk on a daily basis and it is really starting to anger me.
BRING IN THE DANCING LOBSTERS
If you wear sunglasses in school you are automatically a faggot.
Daaaang boi, if you weren't a figment of my imagination...I'd want to have your baby.
I switch from might-as-well-explode hot to fuck-me-I-am-frozen cold and then back again.
Chloe leaves aaaand I am back to watching episodes of Fringe alone in my room:')
MY HAIR SMELLS GOOD AND I WANT TO SLEEP, WAHWAHWAH.
If someone has Scott Pilgrim I strongly suggest that you come over and we watch it together...RIGHT NOW.
I am a walking catastrophe.
I have this marvelous night light that I never use. It is a shame, really.
ALLISON'S CAR SMELLS LIKE FUCKING BUTT-.-
Leave nothing but footprints.             Take nothing but pictures.                     Kill nothing but time.
One of my chickens got eaten. lol
Holy balls I need to put on a sweatshirt.
I'm about as lonely as crackers that supermodels eat.
A loser living in a world that was built for winners.
It is sort of sad how dependant I am on twitter.
@OliviaIvans 201 :/
@OliviaIvans MATH
@OliviaIvans I am unbelievably jealous of you. -___- Lol
I still have 7 days of school left aaaand it is killing me.
"Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions. Their lives a mimicry. Their passions a quotation."
I am so great at finding weird stuff on the internet..anyone want to join the Tibetan Communist radio?? :')
I waste so much time.
MY CHICKENS ARE COMMUNICATING WITH BIRDS FROM THE OUTSIDE WORLD.
If the negative voice in your head was personified you would see me.
I AM MAKING PANCAKES WHEN I GET HOME. FUCKING HUNGRY-.-
Oh, if I had the money to run somewhere far in the middle of the night none of you would hear from me ever again.
Getting lost will help you find yourself.
This is upsetting because he was the friendliest of fruits.
Time is a social construction.
The sun. It burns. &gt;.&lt;
My mood right now is unlike any other.
Oh bother, it is really toasty outside.
Baby girl, you are living the life.
"@StrimbuCat: @LanaStrimbu Aye gurl, Call me after school today. ok?" Ohkay bbyg;3
EVERYONE IS SO STEREOTYPICAL. STOP GROUPING PEOPLE TOGETHER AND GIVING THEM ALL THE SAME TITLE. NOT FUCKING COOL.
What do you do when the whole world plans an intricate attack on you??
