LifeLineQs
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/460025461561503744/t8GIFwz3_400x400.jpeg
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
Think positive and positive things willl happen.
The less you respond to rude, critical, argumentative people...the more peaceful your life will become. -Mandy Hale
Sometimes it's not the pain that makes you suffer, it's your own negative thoughts that make things seem worse.
Stop trying to point out the flaws of others and focus on correcting your own.
Embrace struggle… It is your greatest teacher. -Russell Simmons
Just because something hasn't worked out for you now, doesn't mean there isn't something big in store for you in the future.
What you think of yourself is much more important than what people think of you.
The most painful goodbyes are the ones that are never said and never explained.
You are responsible for your own happiness. If you expect others to make you happy, chances are you'll always end up disappointed.
Stop caring what people think. Stop taking caution in your actions, listen to what you want, do what you want, this is your life. Live it.
You can't force people to stay in your life. Staying is a choice, so be thankful for people who choose you.
Often people that criticize your life are usually the same people that don't know the price you paid to get where you are today.
Never settle. Fight for the life, the career, the dreams, the love that you deserve. -Mandy Hale
A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears. -Michel del Montagne
If your best wasn't good enough for them then it's time to move.
The same one who mistreated you will end up needing you.
Being single means you're taking your time deciding how you want your life to be and who you want to spend it with.
It is hard to be satisfied with life, if you’re never satisfied with yourself.
Don't be upset by the results you didn't get with the work you didn't do.
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it. Make your own destiny.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. Don't give up!
No matter how much you care about someone, sometimes it's just not meant to be.
A woman is not written in braille, you don’t have to touch her to know her.
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire; the size of your dream; &amp; how you handle disappointment along the way.
You are worthy of love and respect. You are beautiful, gifted, and intelligent. Don't let the storm make you forget it. -T. Davis
When you truly love someone, you don't judge them by their past. You leave it there. Just be happy that their future is with you.
You attract people by the qualities you display. You keep them by the qualities you possess.
Problems are like washing machines. They twist, spin &amp; knock us around..but in the end we come out cleaner, brighter &amp; better.
Whoever is trying to bring you down is already below you.
Whatever you're going through, just know that many others have experienced the same and gotten out of it just fine.
Pain makes you stronger, tears make you braver, and heartbreaks make you wiser, so thank the past for a better future.
Sometimes life sends us people who don’t love us enough, to remind us of what we’re worthy of. -Mandy Hale
You can let hate, animosity and anger eat away at you, or you can let it go and begin again. -Leon Brown
Life never stops moving forward. Stay focused and never slow down with regrets. Smile, forgive, forget and keep moving on.
The past is your lesson. The present is your gift. The future is your motivation.
Never chase love, affection or attention. If it isn't given freely by another person, it isn't worth having.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
You will begin to heal when you let go of past hurts, forgive those who have wronged you &amp; learn to forget yourself for your mistakes.
Don't rush it. When it's right, you'll know. If it's supposed to happen, it will.
Sometimes it takes being away from someone for a while to realize how much you really need them in your life.
Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that’s what makes you strong. -Sarah Dessen
It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of someone else's life with perfection.
Be grateful for small things, big things, and everything in between. Count your blessings, not your problems. -Mandy Hale
Sometimes u have to stop worrying &amp; just have faith that things will work out. Maybe not how u planned, but just how they're supposed to.
Never waste your time trying to explain who you are to people who are committed to misunderstanding you. -Dream Hampton
Believe in yourself, push your limits, experience life, conquer your goals, and be happy.
Pretending to be strong is exhausting. Stop doing that. When you need to cry, cry. Take life in and you will inevitably become strong.
Love is supposed to bring you peace &amp; happiness. If you are not feeling this in a relationship, you are living an illusion. -LB
Just because today is a terrible day, doesn't mean tomorrow won't be the best day of your life.
To be rich, is not what you have in your bank account, but what you have in your heart.
One of the most important keys to success is having the discipline to do what you know you should do, even when you don't feel like doing it
Everything in your life is a reflection of a choice you have made. If you want a different result, make different choices.
Be happy. Be yourself. If others don't like it then let them be. Everyone has their own choices. Life isn't about pleasing everybody.
In life you'll realize that there is a purpose for every person you meet. Some will teach you, and some will bring out the best in you.
Don't lose hope. When you are down to nothing, God is up to something. Keep your faith strong.
Remember how far you’ve come, not just how far you have to go. You are not where you want to be, but neither are you where you used to be.
Don’t expect anyone to understand your journey, especially if they haven’t walked your path.
Your value doesn’t decrease based on someone’s inability to see your worth.
You’re only human. You don’t have to have it together every minute of every day. -Anne Hathaway
You cannot travel back in time to fix your mistakes, but you can learn from them and forgive yourself for not knowing better. -LB
Stop letting people who do so little for you, control so much of your mind, feelings, and emotions.
Do not continue the battle. One may think they have won because you chose silence. But the true winner is the one with peace in their heart.
Sometimes we simply need someone who will be there for us. Someone who will sit there and listen. Be that person for others when you can.
The pain of discipline is far less than the pain of regret.
Invest in yourself first. Expect nothing from no one and be willing to work for everything. -Tony Gaskins
If you give up now, you'll regret it forever.
I am thankful to all those difficult people in my life, they have show me exactly who I do not want to be!
Before you ask why someone hates you, ask yourself why you even care.
Dear past, thank you for all the lessons. Dear future, I'm ready for you!
Whatever you're enduring now is preparing you for what's coming NEXT. We have to pass thru darkness to get to the light. -Mandy Hale
Don't listen to people who tell you what to do. Listen to people who encourage you to do what you know in your heart is right.
When you fear your struggles, your struggles consume you. When you face your struggles, you overcome them
Don't punish the one in front of you, for the mistakes made by the one behind you.
Stop pacing, stop fretting, stop worrying, stop sweating. Some of the best things happen when you just LET GO. -Mandy Hale
The beauty of life is, while we can't undo what is done, we can see it, understand it, learn from it and change.
Life is too ironic. It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence, and absence to value presence.
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun. Fall in love. Regret nothing, and don't let people bring you down.
It's better to know and be disappointed, than to never know and always wonder.
Be thankful for where and who you are. It could always be worse. -Tony Gaskins
Sometimes you just have to make peace with your past in order to keep your future from becoming a constant battle. -Susan Gale
There is no point in being around people who make you unhappy.
Put your best effort towards your best opportunities, not your biggest problems.
Before you see the rainbow, you see the rain. If you want to reach your goals, you have to be able to put up with the pain.
If you're wrong, just accept it. Don't ever be too big to own your mistakes. That's weak.
We are not given a good life or a bad life. We are given a life. It’s up to us to make it good or bad.
If it's challenging you, testing you, and pushing you... then it's helping you become more of who you're meant to be. -Mandy Hale
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they’ll notice. If they don’t, you know where you stand.
If you want it bad enough and you work for it hard enough then nothing can be denied to you. -T. Gaskins
Remember you are a different person now than before. You are wiser and stronger for the trials that you have been through. -LB
Healing doesn’t mean the damage never existed. It means the damage no longer controls our lives.
Not every person is going to understand you and that's okay. They have a right to their opinion and you have every right to ignore it. -JO
The only reason people take you for granted is because they assume you'll always be there, prove them wrong.
Respect people who find time for you in their busy schedule. But love people who never look at their schedule when you need them.
When you face difficult times, know that challenges are not sent to destroy you. They're sent to promote, increase and strengthen you.
Appreciate every day that you're alive, because somewhere in the world others are struggling to survive.
I may not be where I need to be but I thank God I am not where I used to be! -JM
Some people will have to learn how to appreciate you by losing you.
Opinions aren't facts. Stop worrying about what people think about you.
People change. Things go wrong. Just remember life goes on...
In this world, there’s always going to be people who are better then you. So stop comparing yourself to others, and just be the best you.
You can't always wait for the perfect time. Sometimes, you have to dare to do it because life's too short to wonder what could have been.
The only thing harder than walking away, is not looking back.
It doesn't matter what you've done, what matters is what you choose to do from here.
Never settle for less than you deserve. Standards are a good thing because they keep out added negativity that you don't need.
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than...you.
Don't judge me until you know me. Don't underestimate me until you challenge me. And don't talk about me until you talk to me.
All the pieces will fall into place. Until then, laugh at the confusion, live for the moment &amp; know that everything happens for a reason.
Never apologize for having high standards. People who really want to be in your life will RISE UP to meet them.
The secret of being happy is accepting where you are in life and making the most of every day.
Embrace the struggle and let it make you stronger. It won't last forever. -Tony Gaskins
You're worthy of it all. You just have to believe you are! -Tony Gaskins
I didn't change... I just woke up.
Stop cheating on your future with your past...it's over.
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
Never assume. Assumptions lead to expectations. Expectations lead to letdowns.
Go with the flow. Force nothing. Let it happen, or not happen..trusting that whichever way it goes, it's for the best. -Mandy Hale
Find a partner who encourages you to grow, who won't cling to u, who will let u go out into the world, &amp; trust that u will come back.
What consumes your mind, controls your life
Explain your anger, don't express it, and you will immediately open the door to solutions instead of arguments.
Don't say something 'permanently' hurtful just because you're temporarily upset!
He who can turn negative situations into something positive, has learned the law of transformation, his mind empowers life. -LB
Unless you heal the root of a problem, the pain will not go away. You can hide from it, but the problem stays until you dig deep. -LB
Usually your biggest trials come right before your biggest breakthroughs. Keep pushing on!
No matter what happens in your life. No matter how far you’re beaten down.  Always, always, always get back up. -Mike Dillard
Be thankful for your trials. If you're being tested, you're being perfected. Which means you have a divine purpose &amp; reason to rejoice.
You don't need to waste your time on someone who only wants you around when it fits their needs.
Sometimes the people whom we've known for only a short time have a bigger impact on us than those we've known forever.
Beauty is about living your life and being happy with yourself inside and out and not worrying about what people think of you.
Sometimes you need those bad days, because it helps you appreciate the good ones.
The best feeling of happiness is when you're happy because you've made somebody else happy.
The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are.
Most relationships fail because we spend too much time pointing out each others mistakes and not enough time enjoying each others company.
Sometimes there are things in life that aren't meant to stay. Sometimes change may not be what we want. Sometimes change is what we need.
You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go, and see what happens.
When you feel like you can't go any further, just know that the strength which carried you this far will take you the rest of the way.
You can't be good enough for everybody, but you will always be the best for the one who deserves you.
Every story has an end. But in life, every ending is just a new beginning.
Don’t give up on the people you love. Your patience and faithfulness may be exactly what they need to make a complete turnaround.
It's not what you don't have that will hold you back, it's what you think you need  that will hold you back! -LB
There is only one way to happiness, and that is to stop worrying about things that are beyond our control.
You will never become who you are meant to be if you keep blaming everyone else for who you are.
Follow your heart and you will never lose your way.
You deserve to be happy. Don't let anyone make you forget that.
Just because something good ends doesn't mean something better won't begin.
Sometimes when things are falling apart, they may actually be falling into place.
Good things will come to you if you focus on the positives and let go of the negatives.
Sometimes you have to let go of what's behind you, in order to see what is in front of you.
Trust and communication are the foundation of a healthy relationship.
You might feel worthless to one person, but you are priceless to another. Don’t ever forget your value.
Sometimes emotions can get the best of us. Take a deep breath, and redirect your thoughts. Have faith that you will be lead to the solution.
Be careful with your words. Once you say them they can only be forgiven, not forgotten.
Running away from your problems is a race you'll never win! You cannot heal what you refuse to face.
Use your voice for kindness, your ears for compassion, your hands for charity, your mind for truth, and your heart for love.
Sometimes you need to be alone, in order to find out who you really are and what you really want.
Don't torture yourself over the past. Use it as a teacher. Whatever happened to you in the past has only prepared you for now. -Rob Tew
A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, need less, smile often, laugh a lot and realize how blessed you are for what you have.
Don't let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.
Take a deep breath. It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
The things you take for granted, someone else is praying for.
Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen to us.
Stop holding on to what hurts and start making room for what feels good.
Always trust your gut feeling, and never second guess. Your gut feeling is always right.
When life changes to be harder, change yourself to be stronger.
Always go for someone who is not only proud to have you, but will take every risk just to keep you.
Things always have a way of working out. Never underestimate the power of prayer, faith, and love.
Trust doesn't come with a refill. Once its gone you'll probably never get it back and if you do it will never be the same.
Take chances when you're young so that you can tell stories when you're old.
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved.
I AM.. two of the most powerful words. For what you put after them...shapes your beauty.
Everything begins with the resolve to take the first step. From that action, wisdom arises &amp; change begins. Without action, nothing changes.
Sometimes we have to let go of what's killing us, even if it's killing us to let go!
People don't leave because things are hard. They leave because it's no longer worth it.
Some people can't wait for the opportunity to use things against you. Be careful whom your share your weaknesses with.
Never let the things you want, make you forget the things you have.
Never settle for anything less than what makes you truly happy.
Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
Things only get as bad as you are willing to let them.
A healthy relationship will never require you to sacrifice your friends, your dreams, or your dignity. -Mandy Hale
One of the most freeing things we learn in life is that we don’t like everyone, everyone doesn’t like us, and that’s okay.
I can accept failure. Everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.
Only you can decide what is best for you, others are merely signposts on the path of life, you must choose your direction. -LB
Slow down. Calm down. Don't worry. Don't hurry. Trust the process.
Trials are made to shape us, not break us. -Owen Campbell Jr.
In the end, only three things matter: how much you loved, how gently you lived, and how gracefully you let go of things not meant for you.
Sometimes you have to stop staring at your problems and start seeing how beautiful life really is.
It’s only after you lost everything that you’re willing to try anything.
You will know you made the right decision when you pick the hardest and most painful choice but your heart is at peace.
It's gonna get harder before it gets easier. But it will get better, you just gotta make it through the hard stuff first.
Letting go of the past is your first step to happiness.
The best way to be happy is to turn the negatives into positives.  Be thankful for what you have, and don't let anyone steal your joy.
The difficulties in life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
Sometimes, what we want isn't what's best for us.
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you have had enough.
Sometimes, the most important lessons in life are the ones we learn the hard way.
Be happy with the little that you have.There are people with nothing that still manage to smile.
Sometimes you just have to die a little inside in order to be reborn and rise again as a stronger and wiser version of you.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
Be thankful for what you have. You have no idea how many people would love to have what you've got.
By hanging on to old negative thoughts and emotions you are only harming yourself and attracting even more negative energy.
A friendly reminder: Patience is not about how long you can wait, but how well you behave while you're waiting.
The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do.
Pain makes you stronger, fear makes you braver and heartbreak only makes you wiser.
You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it was the end.
Never forget yesterday, but always live for today. Because you never know what tomorrow can bring, or what it can take away.
Stop worrying about pleasing others so much, and do more of what makes you happy.
Being strong doesn't mean you'll never get hurt. It means even when you get hurt, you'll never let it defeat you.
The harder you fall, the higher you can bounce back up.
Strong people don't put others down...they lift them up.
Be thankful for the bad things in life. They open your eyes to see the good things you weren't paying attention to before.
Respect is earned, Honesty is appreciated, Love is gained and Loyalty is returned.
Don't wish for it, work for it.
At the end of the day, the only questions I will ask myself are... Did I love enough? Did I laugh enough? Did I make a difference?
Obstacles can't stop you. People can't stop you. Only YOU can stop yourself. Never let fear block your path to success.
NEVER settle for less than you deserve.
The chance to love and be loved exists no matter who or where you are. -Oprah
Keep the smile, leave the tension, feel the joy, forget the worry, hold the peace, leave the pain, and always be happy.
Waiting for someone else to make you happy is the surest way to be sad.
Our children need to be taught HOW to think, not WHAT to think.
Keep in mind that someone else is happy with a lot less than what you have!
Your life will get better when you realize it's better to be alone than to chase people who don't really care about you. -Thema Davis
No matter what may have happened yesterday, a new day of fresh possibility has dawned. U are not the same person today as u were yesterday!
Whatever your circumstances, whatever your past, the forces that determine your future are nowhere but within your own heart and mind.
The greatest gift you can give someone is your time, your attention, your love, your concern. -JO
"When you help other people you help yourself. It's impossible to not feel great when you do good for other people."
Sometimes, the best way to be happy is to learn to let go of things you tried hard to hold on to that are no longer good for you.
Happiness isn't getting all you want. It's enjoying all you have.
Challenges are what makes life interesting, overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
By leaving behind your old self &amp; taking a leap of faith into the unknown, you find out what you are truly capable of becoming.
Endure the pain, enjoy the gain.
If you keep sending away every person who challenges you, you'll never GROW. Some people are in your life to sharpen you. -Mandy Hale
Find a way, not an excuse.
Sometimes we need to forget some people from our past b/c they just don't belong in our future.
Negative thoughts are not protecting you. They are making you smaller. -RK
Sometimes the greatest act of love is to walk away, so that the other person can find their true self and direction again. -Leon Brown
Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but it's more difficult to regret.
People may give up on you but you must never ever give up on yourself.
Obstacles are put in your way to see if what you want is really worth fighting for.
The only person who is truly holding you back is you. No more excuses, it's time to change. It's time to live life at a new level.
The past is your lesson. The present is your gift. The future is your motivation.
Never give up. Great things take time.
Be patient. Things are happening behind the scenes that can't be seen on the surface. -Mandy Hal
To judge another by their weakest link is like judging the power of the ocean by one wave.
Smile like you’ve never cried, fight like you've never lost, love like you’ve never been hurt, and live like there's no tomorrow.
Laugh. Dance in the rain. Cherish the memories. Ignore the pain, love and learn, forget and forgive because you only have one life to live!
"Don’t feel stupid if you don’t like what everyone else pretends to love." -Emma Watson
We are more interested in making others believe we are happy than in trying to be happy ourselves. -FR
Once you realize you deserve better, letting go will be the best decision ever.
Don't get stuck with the thing that ruins your day. Smile and be happy. Life is too short to be wasted on negative thinking.
Your life is your message to the world. Make it inspiring!
Sometimes some things go wrong so we can grow strong. Sometimes some things go bad so we can grow better.
A pretty face is nothing if you have an ugly heart.
Stop talking about your problems and start thinking about solutions.
The wrong relationships teach you how to recognize the RIGHT one when it arrives. -Mandy Hale
Do not allow negative experiences to make you bitter. They should make you wiser, and with that wisdom, you shall find joy. -LB
Love is the most beautiful thing to have, hardest thing to earn and most painful thing to lose.
In life you will meet two kinds of people. Ones who build you up, and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you will thank them both.
Sometimes we all need a little alone time. It doesn't mean we are mad, upset, shy or anything else, we just all need some space.
Be happy. Be who you want to be. If others don't like it, then let them be. Happiness is a choice. Life isn't about pleasing everybody.
Be thankful for what you have. You have no idea how many people would love to have what you've got.
Life and time are world's two teachers. Life teaches us to make good use of time, while time teaches us the value of life.
If they don't respect, appreciate and value you then they DON'T DESERVE you.
Sometimes we expect more from others just because we would be willing to do that much for them.
I look forward to being older, when what you look like becomes less &amp; less an issue &amp; what you are is the point. -Susan Sarandon
You can never progress if you are letting things that don't deserve your attention continue to bring you down.
A smile doesn't always mean a person is happy. Sometimes it simply means they are strong enough to face their problems.
When you are content to simply be yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
Life is too precious to stress yourself out by worrying about everything. Relax, have fun, and enjoy the learning process.
Confidence doesn't come from always being right but from not being afraid to be wrong.
It's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen, but it's even harder to give up when u know it's everything u want.
Never regret anything that has happened in your life. It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten. So take it as a lesson learned &amp; move on.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
A healthy relationship doesn't drag you down. It inspires you to be better. -Mandy Hale
If someone sticks by your side through your worst times, then they definitely deserve to be with you through your good time.
Never underestimate the pain of a person, bc in all honesty, everyone is struggling. Just some people are better at hiding it than others.
No body can take away your pain, so don't let them take away your happiness.
Life and time are the two best teachers. Life teaches us to make good use of time and time teaches us the value of life.
Anger won't make your problems easier. Tears won't bring back what is gone. But a smile, and gratitude will make you stronger.
To appreciate success, failures are necessary.
You can't change the truth, but the truth can change you.
Appreciate what you have while you still have it because one day you won't.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
Sometimes you have to stop thinking so much and just go where your heart takes you.
False: When things change, I will be happy.  True: When I am happy, things will change. -Kyle Cease
Always remember, no matter how many problems you have, there is always someone who has more.
Good things come to those who believe, better things come to those who wait, &amp; the best things come to those who don't give up.
One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
Accept what you can´t change. Change what you can´t accept. It's your life.
Keep smiling and enjoy the journey even when it's like there's no hope at all. Everything will be alright.
You'll never get the reward if you never put in the work.
Don't judge them for their choices when you don't know their reasons.
Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and start again.
When you ain't got nothing, you got nothing to lose.
Small changes eventually add up to huge results.
We have all been placed on this earth to discover our own path, and we will never be happy if we live someone else's idea of life.
When you know your worth, no one can make you feel worthless.
It's better to know and be disappointed, than to never know and always wonder.
Some people are brought into your life to be mirrors, to show you behaviors and habits that need to change.  -Mandy Hale
People claim that "Honesty is the Best Policy" then get offended when you tell them the Truth.
Listen to yourself not the noise of the world. Only you know what is right for you. -LB
We don't meet people by accident. They are meant to cross our paths for a reason.
The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation itself, but your thoughts about it.
It's not selfish to love yourself, take care of yourself, and to make your happiness a priority. It's necessary. -Mandy Hale
Worrying about everyone's opinion will only hold you back. Don't let other people define what you can and can not accomplish.
The only things you can take with you when you leave this world are the things you've packed inside your heart. -Susan Gale.
Don't let it break you. No matter how hard it gets, life goes on.
Don't worry about who likes you, who has more, or who is doing what. Just focus on yourself.
If you can’t be thankful for what you have, be thankful for what you have escaped. -John Wayne
Society doesn't decide who you are, you do. -Mila Kunis
Wake up everyday stronger than yesterday, face your fears and wipe your tears.
Focus on the things you can change and let go of the things you can't.
If it's meant to happen, it'll happen. If they really care, they will prove it.
Never make assumptions about someone based on your past experiences with someone else.
Until you're broken, you don't know what you're made of. It gives you the ability to build yourself all over again, but stronger than ever.
Miracles happen to those who believe. If you believe in something with all your heart and mind, you bring it to life. -Leon Brown
It's sad how quickly people can forget about you, until they want something from you.
Sometimes it’s the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
You can not change the people around you, but you can change the people that you choose to be around.
Never forget who was there for you when no one else was.
It's gonna get harder before it gets easier. But it will get better, you just gotta make it through the hard stuff first.
Once you learn how to be happy, you won't tolerate being around people who make you feel anything less.
When some things go wrong, take a moment to be thankful for the many more things that are still going right. -Annie Gottlier
Sometimes we have to lose something precious in order to gain something priceless.
No matter how impossible, unattainable, or unimaginable something may seem. If it's meant to be, it'll be.
Always remember that no matter how useless you think you are, you're still someone's reason to smile.
Your circle of friends must match your own aspirations and dreams, or you will find little support when you need it most. -Leon Brown
Sometimes you have to move on without certain people. If they're meant to be in your life, they'll catch up. -Mandy Hale
Refuse to fight small battles with petty people. You life is bigger and better than that.
I am confident because I can admit who I am, what I've done and love myself for who I've become.
Your time is precious. Don't waste it on someone who doesn't realize that you are, too.
Things won't get better unless you think better.
A relationship without communication isn't a relationship at all.
Don't base your decisions on the advice of people who don't have to deal with the results.
Often people that criticize your life are usually the same people that don't know the price you paid to get where you are today.
Your only purpose is to be yourself.
Be strong, you never know who you are inspiring.
When I look back at life, I see pain, mistakes &amp; heart ache. When I look in the mirror, I see strength, learned lessons &amp; pride in myself.
When I let go of what's not meant to be, I clear a path for good stuff to find me!
When you fill your own life with happiness &amp; meaning, you stop looking to other people to complete you. -Mandy Hale
Life does not always give you what you want, but if you look closely you will see that it gives what you need for growth. -LB
You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice.
Value life for it could end at any moment. -Alan Cheng
Nothing is ever wrong. We learn from every step we take. Whatever you did today was the way it was meant to be. Be proud of you.
Accept that some relationships are seasonal. Learn what they came to teach and let go when it's time for them to leave. -Mandy Hale
Do everything without bitching.
Being single isn't a time to be looking for love. Use that time to work on yourself and grow as an individual.
Holding anger is a poison...It eats you from inside. We think that by hating someone we hurt them but in reality..it hurts us.
All endings are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time.
Fall in love with someone who truly deserves your heart, not someone someone who plays with it.
Every woman deserves a man who loves and respects her and every man deserves a woman who appreciates his efforts.
Do not educate your children to be rich. Educate them to be happy. So when they grow up, they'll know the value of things, not the price.
Life always offers you a second chance...it's called tomorrow.
Don’t waste your time with explainations, people only hear what they want to hear.
You attract people by the qualities you display. You keep them by the qualities you possess.
Behind every girl's favorite song, is an untold story.
Whatever comes, let it come, what stays let stay, what goes let go...
I don’t want just your words. If that’s all you have for me, you’d better go...
Men are supposed to love and protect women. Not hurt them.
Do not continue the battle. One may think they have won because you chose silence. But the true winner is the one with peace in their heart.
Don't give up too soon. Some people want to weaken you so they can control you.
Where the will is strong there will always be a way.
You can run with a lie but you can't hide from the truth.
If you love deeply, you’re going to get hurt badly. But it’s still worth it.
Your worst battle is between what you know and what you feel.
Forgive others, not because they deserve forgiveness, but because you deserve peace.
Don’t give up on the people you love. Your patience and faithfulness may be exactly what they need to make a complete turnaround. -JM
SMILE, it will make you look better. PRAY, it will keep you strong. LOVE, it will help you enjoy life more.
Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.
My life isn't perfect, but it does have perfect moments.
I want to feel my life. I want to stop agreeing to things I don’t really want.
Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
Sometimes a break from your routine is the very thing you need.
Never assume that every critic is a hater. Not everyone is hating on you. Some people are telling you the truth.
Sometimes people don't notice the things we do for them until we stop doing it.
You'll never know what you're capable of until you take that first step and go for it.
Dear past, thank you for all the lessons. Dear future, I'm ready.
The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory.
This is not the time to shrink back in fear. Move forward in faith. Get up every morning knowing you are gifted. -JO
Never, ever, ever give up! Chances are if you FEEL like giving up, you're right on the edge of your breakthrough. -Mandy Hale
If you give up, it means you never really wanted it.
How many on their deathbeds wished they’d spent more time at the office – or watching TV? The answer is, No one. -SC
Be wise and do the right thing. Don't let irrelevant people waste your time. Your time is valuable and should be spent with valuable people.
Take your chances or watch someone take them from you.
Welcome change into your life, for new beginnings bring new experiences.
In one split second everything can change. Be ready.
Don't let someone stop you from pursuing your dream, ever.
Bad decisions aren't always bad because sometimes they become great stories.
If you tell yourself something often enough you will start to believe it. That is why you must make self love your mantra. -LB
The Universe added one more day in your life today; not necessarily because you need it, but because someone else might need you.
Life does not always give you what you want, but if you look closely you will see that it gives what you need for growth. -LB
One day you will realise that material things mean nothing, all that matters is the well-being of the people in your life. -LB
Whatever happened over this past year, be thankful for where it brought you. Where you are is where you’re meant to be! -Mandy Hale
Some people come into your life just to teach you how to let go...
Be thankful for all the struggles you go through. They make you stronger, wiser and humble. Don't let it break you. Let it make you.
I can’t afford to hate anyone. I don’t have that kind of time. -Akira Kurosawa
There's no use stressing over something in the past, because there's not a thing you can do to change it.
Take the chance while you have it, don't let it pass you by.
You will never influence the world by trying to be like it.
Don't settle. Don't finish crappy books. If you don't like the menu, leave the restaurant. If you're not on the right path, get off it. -CB
Bad memories will play the most often, but just because the memory comes up doesn’t mean you have to watch it. Change the channel. -JO
When you fear your struggles, your struggles consume you. When you face your struggles, you overcome them.
Sometimes we have to lose our way to find out what we really want, for we often ignore our needs until we are lost. -Leon Brown
A bad attitude can literally block love, blessings, and destiny from finding you. Don't be the reason you don't succeed. -Mandy Hale
Try not to take things personally. What people say about you is a reflection of them, not you.
Happiness means loving yourself and being less concerned with the approval of others. -Owen Campbell Jr.
Worrying about everyone's opinion will only hold you back. Don't let other people define what you can and can not accomplish.
If you continuously compete with others, you become bitter, but if you continuously compete with yourself, you become better.
Sometimes in life we just need someone who will be there for us. Someone who will listen. Someone who will understand.
Always remember that you're braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can’t. What you’ve got to do is turn around and say, ‘watch me’.
Create a life that feels good on the inside...not one that just looks good on the outside.
Be selective in your battles, sometimes peace is better than being right.
Life is unpredictable and you never know what is coming next. Don't ever get too comfortable. Always be ready to change.
Life is too short to be sitting around miserable. -Rihanna
It's not the future that you're afraid of. It's repeating the past that makes you anxious.
I like people who have a sense of individuality. I love expression &amp; anything awkward &amp; imperfect, because that’s natural &amp; that’s real.
There is only one success-to be able to spend your life in your own way. -CM
Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind.
There is always a lesson to be learned. Don't let your pride get in the way of learning it.
Do not chase people. Be you and do your own thing and work hard. The right people who belong in your life will come to you, and stay. -Wu
Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes. Focus on your strengths, not weaknesses. Relax &amp; let life come to u...don't force anything.
If you want the present to be different from the past, study the past.
It doesn't matter how you get knocked down in life, because that's going to happen. All that matters is that you gotta get up. -BA
Tomorrow is a new beginning. Embrace the light of a new day, for you have a fresh chance to begin again, to make life beautiful. -LB
You cannot expect miracles to happen overnight. Be patient, be loving and little by little the change you seek will come. -LB
At the end of the day before you close your eyes, be content with where you've been, and proud of who you are.
Understand that not everything is meant to be understood. Live, let go, and don't worry about what you can't change.
If you don’t fight for what you want, don’t cry for what you've lost.
If life was easy, we would be bored, that’s why we are faced with challenges everyday, so that we can work to make ourselves happy.
Struggles are required in order to survive in life, because in order to stand up, you have to know what falling down is like.
Life is too short to give another minute to anyone or anything that doesn't make you happy.
No matter how many people try to criticize you, the best revenge is to prove them wrong.
You are inferior to no one. others may treat you that way, but that is their problem. You are above all of this. -Leon Brown
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun. Fall in love. Regret nothing, and don't let people bring you down.
Be strong. The beginnings to great things are always the hardest.
Whatever happened over this past year, be thankful for where it brought you. Where you are is where you're meant to be! -Mandy Hale
Your past does not determine who you are. Your past prepares you for who you are to become.
A sincere apology has three parts: I am sorry; It is my fault; What can I do to make it right?
A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, smile often, dream big, laugh a lot, &amp; realize how blessed you are for what you have.
Sometimes removing some people out of your life makes room for better people.
Walk away from anything or anyone who takes away from your joy. Life is too short to put up with fools.
I don’t regret the things I’ve done, I regret the things I didn’t do when I had the chance.
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else. -LB
Life is about trusting your feelings, taking chances, finding happiness, learning from the past, and realizing everything changes.
Everything that has a beginning has an end, so forget the past, plan for the future, and enjoy the moment.
Instead of wishing you were someone else, be proud of who you are. You never know who was looking at you wishing they were you.
Sometimes you have to give up on people. Everyone in your life is meant to be there, but it doesn't mean they're meant to stay.
Pick your battles. You don't have to show up to every argument you're invited to. -Mandy Hale
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to realize what you're capable of.
Don't ever let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.
Sometimes it takes being away from someone for a while to realize how much you really need them in your life.
You can't listen to everything from everybody. Trust your instincts. -Tony Gaskins
Not everyone is meant to stay in your life forever. Sometimes they're only there long enough to teach u the lessons that u needed to learn.
People say you don't know what you've got until it's gone...truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought you'd never lose it.
Have you ever noticed that when people say you've changed it's just because you've stopped living your life their way?
Things don't happen for no reason, they happen to teach you something.
Learn to let go. Not everyone in your life is meant to stay forever.
You have within you, right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you. -Brian Tracy
The key to happiness is letting each situation be what it is instead of what you think it SHOULD be. -Mandy Hale
You shouldn't give up. Fight for yourself and who you are. You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the best.
Great things will happen when you get up, dust yourself off, and go after life with determination and courage. -Billy Cox
There is a difference between knowing the path and walking the path. -The Matrix
Allow yourself to hope, to believe, to trust again. Don't let a few bad memories stop you from having a good life! -Mandy Hale
As I look back on life, I realize every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was being pointed to something better.
Everything in life can teach you a lesson, you just have to be willing to observe and learn.
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
Sometimes it's very hard to move on, but once you move on, you'll realize it was the best decision you've ever made.
Never waste your time trying to explain who you are to people who are committed to misunderstanding you.
Hard times will always reveal true friends.
Go where you are celebrated not where you are tolerated. -Paul Davis
Sometimes letting things go is an act of far greater power than defending or hanging on.
Sometimes we underestimate ourselves so much, that when people compliment us, we can never believe them.
If you want to free someone, forgive. If you want to free yourself, forget.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it gives the future a chance.
Never ever insist yourself with someone who continuously overlooks your worth.
Being single doesn’t mean you’re weak, it means you’re strong enough to wait for what you deserve.
If we spent less time criticizing other’s wrongdoings and more time appreciating their good deeds, this world would be so much better.
Life is too short to be living somebody else's dream. -Hugh Hefner
It wasn't a waste of time if you learned something. -Mandy Hale
Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize your strength. Move on.
Sometimes it’s the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
First know yourself, then you will begin to understand why things are as they are, and why life is as it is. -Leon Brow
Always be true to your feelings because the more you deny what you feel..the stronger it becomes.
When a defining moment comes along, you can do one of two things. Define the moment, or let the moment define you. -Tin Cup
Whenever you feel weak, remember the things that made you strong; whenever you start to doubt yourself. Remember those who believe in you.
Expect less, prepare more. Judge less, respect more. Complain less, thank more. Regret less, smile more.
Everything you’ve been through was preparation for where you are right now, and where you can be tomorrow.
Always remember, you may not be able to reach what’s in front of you, until you let go of what’s behind you.
Everything that happens helps you grow, even if it’s hard to see right now.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
It is your attitude at the beginning of a task that determines success or failure.
The rain WILL stop, the night WILL end, the hurt WILL fade. Hope is never so lost that it can't be found. -Mandy Hale
Rudeness is the weak person's imitation of strength. -Eric Hoffer
Letting go doesn’t mean giving up, but rather accepting that there are things that cannot be.
You don't need anyone who doesn't need you.
Success is not something you pursue. Success is something you attract by the person you become.
Smiles can hide so much... fear, pain, sadness, tears. But than again they reflect one thing: strength.
When you’re scared but you still do it anyway, that’s brave.
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence.
You are full of potential. You are overflowing with creativity. There’s nothing in your heart that you cannot accomplish. -JO
Life will always try to make things difficult for you, but every time you overcome difficulties, you come out stronger.
The more secure you are with yourself, the less time you spend trying to tear others down.
It does not matter where you come from or what you did in the past, all that matters is where your life is headed now. -LB
We often block our own blessings because we don't recognize we're worthy enough. -Oprah
You judge everyone, yet you ask them not to judge you.
Some of the most wonderful people are the ones who don’t fit into boxes.
I love when someone remembers something I told them a long time ago.
You deserve someone who would jump fences to be with you. Not someone who is on the fence about being with you.
It only takes one person to change your life: YOU.
Never waste your feelings on someone who doesn't value them.
At the end of each day tell your friends/family you love them &amp; how much they mean to u because u never know what's gonna happen tomorrow.
Be yourself no matter what. Some will adore u &amp; some will hate everything about u. But who cares? Its your life. Make the most out of  it!
Every morning you have two choices: continue to sleep with your dreams, or wake up and chase them.
The best things in life are the people you love, the places you’ve seen, and the memories you’ve made along the way.
Life  is very short to argue &amp; fight. Count your blessings, value your love ones &amp; move on with your head held high &amp; a smile for everyone.
Sometimes the most important life lessons are the ones we end up learning the hard way.
Everything in life can teach you a lesson, you just have to be willing to observe and learn.
When you risk nothing, you risk never truly living! -Allison Maslan
Loving yourself empowers you to make better choices, which makes for a better life. -Mandy Hale
It’s better to cross the line and suffer the consequences than to just stare at that line for the rest of your life.
If it's meant to be...it will be.
You tried so hard to be the person everyone wanted you to be. Maybe you should’ve just been the person you wanted to be. -IWT
If God had meant for today to be perfect, he wouldn't have invented tomorrow.
What hurts you today makes you stronger tomorrow.
Life doesn't always give you second chances so take the first one!
Sometimes you have to stop worrying. Have faith that things will work  out, maybe not how you planned, but just how they're supposed to.
Whatever makes you mad; leave it. Whatever makes you smile; keep it.
Trust that everything happens for a reason, even when you're not wise enough to see it. -Oprah Winfrey
One of the hardest decisions you’ll ever face in life is choosing whether to walk away or try harder.
You can’t keep beating yourself up over what you have done in the past. Accept it, learn from it and move on.
Be good enough to forgive someone, but don’t be stupid enough to trust them again.
Never waste a minute of your precious life by squandering it thinking about people you don't like.
You know life is worth the struggle when you look back on what you lost, and realize what you have now is way better than before.
There is no point in wishing things can be different. We cannot change the past. We can only accept the change and move forward.
Sometimes, you have to get knocked down lower than you have ever been to stand back up taller than you ever were.
It’s not the situation… it’s your reaction to the situation.
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like.
The harder you try to forget something, the more you think about it unconsciously.
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something.
I think everybody should get rich and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they can see that it’s not the answer. -Jim Carrey
Sometimes you just have to make peace with your past in order to keep your future from becoming a constant battle. -Susan Gale
After all, computers crash, people die, relationships fall apart. The best we can do is breathe and reboot. -Sex in the City
A bad experience in life isn’t like a train wreck. It’s more like a derailment. You just have to get back on track and pick up steam. -SG
You can have friendship and you can have love, but it's only when you have both together that it will be a great love.
Pretending to be happy when you're in pain is just an example of how strong you are as a person.
Don’t hide your scars. They make you who you are.
When you remember to love you, and take care of you first, everything else tends to fall into place.
When you know yourself you are empowered. When you accept yourself you are invincible.
Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen to us.
A lot of people dump poison, anger, resentment and criticism. Don’t take it personally. Just smile, wave and wish them well. -JO
The better u learn to take care of yourself, the less you settle for being around people who cant/wont treat u as well as you’re accustomed.
One smile, can start a friendship. One word, can end a fight. One look, can save a relationship. One person can change your life.
Don't lose yourself trying to help someone else find themselves. -TG
Get rid of everything that doesn't make you happy and give your attention to the things that do.
The tragedy of life is not death, but what we let die inside of us while we live. -NC
You'll never know what you're capable of until you take that first step and go for it.
Do not rush, for God's secret is patience. Everything that is meant to be, will come at the designated time. -LB
When one thing ends, another thing begins. Sometimes ending something hurts, but a new beginning is always worth the pain.
Without communication, there is no relationship. Without respect, there is no love. Without trust, there is no reason to continue.
People only hate what they see in themselves. -Marilyn Manson
Sometimes, you just need to step outside, get some air and remind yourself of who you are and who you want to be.
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time forces you to appreciate what you had.
No matter how good or bad you have it, wake up each day thankful for your life. Someone somewhere else is desperately fighting for theirs.
The best revenge is just moving on and let Karma do the rest.
If you're struggling, that means you're progressing.
Everything that has a beginning has an end, so forget the past, plan for the future, and enjoy the moment.
When you judge someone on their appearance or first words, you miss the opportunity to understand another human being. -Leon Brown
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Life is about change, sometimes it’s painful, sometimes it’s beautiful, but most of the time it’s both.
You can’t be wise and in love at the same time.
Remember, you always feel your best the moment after you’ve cried.
The truth will always set you free; but that doesn’t mean you won’t feel pain.
Learn from all your struggles instead of reliving them.
Letting go doesn't mean you stop caring. It means you stop trying to force others to. -Mandy Hale
Never regret anything that has happened in your life, it cannot be changed, undone or forgotten so take it as a lesson learned &amp; move on.
What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it.
Bad things happen in life to teach us how to look at good things in a whole new light.
Happiness comes when we stop complaining about the troubles we have and give thanks for the troubles we don't have.
Today you are you, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is youer than you. -Dr. Seuss
Never apologize for having high standards. People who really want to be in your life will rise up to meet them.
It’s not about who youve been with, it’s about who u end up with. Sometimes the heart doesnt know what it wants until it finds what it needs
An apology means nothing if they don't stop doing what they are apologizing for. Believe ACTION, not words. -Mandy Hale
Let go, forget the burdens of the past. The past can’t be changed.
It’s never too late to be who you might have been.
A positive attitude gives you power over your circumstances instead of your circumstances having power over you.
A second chance doesn't mean anything if you haven't learned from your first mistake.
Everyone is gifted, but most people never open their package.
Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.
Nobody dies a virgin. Life fucks us all. -Kurt Cobain
When people don’t express themselves, they die one piece at a time. -LHA
The world today doesn’t make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do? -Pablo Picasso
Today I will do my best to focus on all the wonderful things that are here and not what is missing.
Sometimes it takes the worst pain to bring about the best change.
If you never tasted a bad apple, you would not appreciate a good apple. You have to experience life to understand life. -LB
Always be positive. Don't let negative people hold you back.
When life gives you something that makes you feel afraid, that's when life gives you a chance to be brave.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Be happy with the little that you have.There are people with nothing that still manage to smile.
