lohalani8081
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/2141355063/Gg3Cvmxc_400x400
Me and CIARA bck n day tht used to b hella fun. Missed her a lot and hangin out with her and those tlks. Take care http://t.co/o41ftas2
Hvent been here for a long time
I knoe tht was funny
STFU with tht sht...haha I knoe...WTF lets play...
Tht sad moment wen you find an old conversation btw you and sumone you don't tlk to anymore."
You only live once, so do wat you want to do. Don't think you hve to listen to wat other pple say to you."
"Please don't see me, please don't see me, please don't see me..." "HEYYYYY!" "Shit...""
I don’t hve time to hate pple tht hate me, bcuz I’m too busy lovin pple tht love me."
@X0X0CL lol I can tell tht...thts y I love you
@X0X0CL lol yea I knoe I only got to c bout wat 5 is da lowest of your temper
@X0X0CL oh no we dont wanna come at you side way..thts one crzy ass side lol
RT @X0X0CL: Don't come @ me sideways cause you really don't wanna see me get outta hand ✋
I think annoying exes are like cheap toilet paper. da more you try to wipe them away da further up your ass they go."
Haha fckin cowrkers jst crack me up with da convo bout.... :p
TF your jst crack me up &gt;&gt;&gt;
Hahaha sht tht jst makes me laugh
RT @HumorOrTruth: #ItAlwaysSeemsLike texts send faster when you send it to the wrong person
RT @HumorOrTruth: #MyBiggestFearIs someone breaking in while I'm taking a sh*t.
RT @bajanswaggboy: Don't make time for people who don't make time for you.
Skool for a bit then ditchin after she takes roll. Then off with muh lovelys
Hahaha sht gotta love those two :) da sht tht we tlk bout
Those two crack me up &gt;&gt;&gt; ;p
FCK SKOOL. FCK THEM TEACHERS. FCK DA PRINCIPLE. FCK THEM UGLY ASS KIDS. FCK THEM RULES. FCK HOMEWORK. FCK THEM FINALS. FCK IT ALL!"
3 am fone call while your sleeping: Friend: Are you awake? , Me: Nope, muh imaginary friend answered da fone, and I'm still sleeping."
Haha srry babes and thnks for da pic :) yea cant wait to c you tmrrw too. Your pickin me up rite??
Hey babes you forgot to sign out of your twitter. So you just hacked lol LOVE YOU BABES &lt;3 see you tomorrow http://t.co/iAZtp0Hu
I'm not sayin you're a slut, I'm jst saying if your vagina had a password, it would b 1234."
Tht awkward moment wen u wait for a txt, bt then u realize tht you're da one who didn't reply. -_-"
&gt;) smile and wave....me and chrissy thing
Leggings ain't for everybody. Especially you hippo lookin hoes."
If you are wat you eat, then you must eat a ton of fast food... bcuz you're cheap, fast, and easy."
I'll admit tht da Chinese kids n muh maths class are pretty smart. Bt doin it with their eyes closed - tht's a bit cocky..."
You was, I was, they was. Who gonna smoke sum weed tonite
You was lke, I was lke, they was lke, we all lke..whos gonna smoke sum wees tonite :)
:) :) :) smile and wave
Shh I wont tell...i bet she dont knoe tht...knoe wat... On to da nxt one, on to da nxt one
"Did you do your homework?" "Did you grade muh test?" "I have other student's tests to grade." "I have other teacher's homework to do.""
Haha keep readin....now take a pic of dis....haha jst wasted bout 3 mins of your time...show you don't got nothin better to do :)
RT @KattWillliams: Fuck what you heard, fuck the bitch you heard it from, fuck what you think, and fuck what you saw, and recognize what ...
;) hahaha
Ima Friendly Person.. until you fck me over..."
♪ ♪ ROLL ROLL ROLL UR HOE FCK HER TILL SHE SCREAMS BUST A NUT SMACK HER BUTT THEN PASS HER TO DA TEAM ♪ ♪"
Fck it, sht happens. Learn from it & move on"
Everyone calls karma a btch, bt she always fckin with everyone, sounds lke a hoe to me."
Person : Can I see your phone ? Me : Sure, *delete* *delete* *delete* Here you go."
Not a single FCK was given today, jst lke every other day."
If they're dumb enough to wlk away... b smart enought to let them go."
Tht Awkward moment wen teacher Cracks a joke and Nobody Laughs... Me: Tht btch stupid"
#LoseMyNumber If you never hit me up till you need something. R-T if you can't stand pple tht do tht!"
#losemuhnumber If you only hit me up wen you need something."
YML&gt;&gt;&gt;
Hahaha sht she lke burn im off to shops
“You look tired” is jst a polite way to tell sumone they look lke sht."
@juudaahh wat happen
I hate wen pple act lke they knoe everything... Shut your Dictionary ass up!"
U . S . P . A = U Should Pay Attention. bcuz tht sht ain't real Polo!"
Oh, you dropped out of high school? Its alright. 1- I'm sure you tried your best, 2- I don't like onions on my Big Mac."
My mood today: ❒ Middle Finger ❒ Concerned ❒ Cloudy ✔ Just Don't Give A Fuck with a %99 chance of weed."
I've learned you can't plse everyone, bt pissin them off is much more fun &gt;:D"
HALF da pple who are saying #iHateFAKEPeople are FAKE!"
Facebook + Tumblr + Twitter + Youtube = Reasons my homework isn't done."
Well done btch, you deserve a standin ovation frm muh tallest finger."
it's interesting wen pple hurl insults at u, attack & question your character ignore u for a time & then seek u out lke nothing happened"
TEACHER: "You should KNOE dis, you learned it 3 Year ago!" Me: "Btch, I don’t even remember wat happened last week!""
Teacher: Wat's da opposite of laughin? Student: Fuckin! Teacher: How's tht? Student: Laughin is ha..ha..ha & Fuckin is ah.. ah.. ah.."
Don't b lke them...make them wanna b lke you"
remember muh fckin name !"
Wen sht gets rough you realize who your true friends are."
Nobody is ever 'fine'. Fine is a bullsht word tht pple use wen they are fed up with bein asked 'wat's wrong?”"
Me a nerd? Haha no, I'm jst makin sure I don't end up working at McDonalds with you n da future!"
Dear student who finished da test n 7 mins, I HOPE YOU FAIL. Sincerely, still on da 1st question."
There's always tht one friend we jst ignore."
I got a txt! I hope it's frm.......... OH MUH GOD, LEAVE ME ALONE."
Pple can b so fckin rude wen they catch you listenin n on their conversation."
If you are gonna tweet #LMHL pppllllzzzz mean it frm da heart."
n lfe we all should #LMHL."
RT @BossMackTopSoil: Bitch Be Mad Cause I Stay Happy doe
Brah I hate wen pple go through muh sht..
Got all bad grades and sht now I hve to catch up dis week
Omfg no cell fone for me thnks a lot.fckin hate meetings
I don't hve a short temper, I just hve a quick reaction to bullsht."
RT @ImTracyMorgan: If someone hates you for no reason, you give that motherfucker a reason.
&gt;&lt;
Yups im comin...
RT @SimSimiBitch: Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much
RT @SimSimiBitch: Our generation doesn't ring the doorbell... we text or call to say we're outside.
&gt;) I miss you (&lt;
Shh do you notice http://t.co/c4MutHVx
RT @SimSimiBitch: "Was that lightning" No.... they're taking pictures for google earth.
Kid: Mom, why is muh cousin Diamond named lke tht? Mom: Cuz your aunt loves diamonds. Kid: Wat bout me!? Mom: Enough questions Dicky!""
dis is a "A" and "B" conversation so "C" your way out bfor "D" jumps over "E" and "F"s you up lke a "G" #Classic"
Ghetto wet floor sign: Caution, btches b trippin..."
Jack and jill went up da hill so jack could lick her candy. Jack got a shock and a mouthful of cock bcuz jills real name was Randy."
Me. Fck tht dumb btch. Arthur. Yups thts wat I already done did. Lol. You need to stop messin with them young gurls.
Fckin jazzy.
Had a blast with jazzy, ed, titi, kat and others
RT @niggerquagmire: Never get into fights with ugly ass people, those mutherfuckers ain't got shit to loose
RT @StewieJokess: YOCO = You Only Cute Online...
RT @Katt__Williams: It's stupid when someone texts you first & they never reply after you text them back.
RT @KevinHart2Real: It takes a lot of courage to forgive someone, but it takes an even bigger amount of courage to ask for forgiveness
RT @MeDaveChappelle: Fuck love? No, fuck the person who made you think like that.
Goin hikin :)
RT @WeKnowComedy: THESE NACHOS ARE THE BOMB!!!... 

& that's how I got my nachos taken away at the airport.
RT @SimSimiBitch: I don't have a comeback so I'm just going to correct your grammar and spelling.
RT @KevinHartJokes: A good neighbor is one that does not put a password on their wifi.
RT @SimSimiBitch: That awkward moment when you see someone that looks like someone you know, yell their name, and realize it’s not them.
RT @MeDaveChappelle: If sex with 3 people is a threesome and sex with 2 people is a twosome, now I understand why they call ME handsome...
Posted up n lego land
Im tht cool ducky lol http://t.co/4z1yIRbi
RT @ImTracyMorgan: "I'm never drinking again." - Someone who will definitely drink again
RT @TheComedyJokes: Dear creepy noises, it's funny how you go away when my parents are back. Sincerely, home alone.
RT @SimSimiBitch: Teacher: "WHY AM I HEARING TALKING!?" ... Because you have ears bitch, Duh!
RT @MARTlN_LARWENCE: On a scale of 9 to 10, how drunk are you get tonite?
Haha sht plans are set
RT @OmgComedy: I'm allergic to haters. Side Affects: May cause me to slap a bitch.
Damn I work n a few mins. I dont wanna go im hvin fun
RT @StedSoFly: I'm not saying you a hoe, but just made a hoe decision.
RT @tahicaldwell: Mayjah Rayjah ! #siiike 
#parkinglotcrew
XD sht to funny you two..almost pissed muhself..crackin jokes
RT @StewieJokess: “Katy Perry: Blue hair  Nicki Minaj Pink hair.Rihanna: Red hair Lady Gaga: Green hair. Oh my gosh, the Power Rangers a ...
RT @SimSimiBitch: *Police pulls me over* POLICE: "Do you know why I pulled you over?" ME: "Because you were bored and wanted someone to  ...
RT @KevinHart2Real: Facebook & Twitter Is Like The Hood News. You Find Out Who Die, Who Was Fighting, Who Together, Who Broke Up, Who Fu ...
RT @SimSimiBitch: #girlwhyyou twatching hoe ??
RT @KevinHart2Real: There's "hell" in hello, "good" in goodbye, "lie" in believe, "over" in lover, "end" in friend, "ex" in "next", & "i ...
RT @KevinHart2Real: 4 biggest lies from a guy's mouth 1. I'm not that type of guy. 2. I won't hurt you. 3. I'm sorry. 4. I love you.
RT @SimSimiBitch: "EVERYONE SHUT THE HELL UP!" *Answers phone* "Oh hey mom" (some one in the background) "Pass the weed!!!!!" " Really d ...
RT @SimSimiBitch: (`-`) (._. ) (· - ·) ( ._.) ( ' -')  Me lookin for a fuck to give  

( o.o)   Oh wait.. I think i found one

Nope just ...
RT @SimSimiBitch: There is no 'I' in 'TEAM'

But there is in "What The Fuck Do You Think This Is English Class I Can Fucking Spell!!"

M ...
RT @SimSimiBitch: Why do girls run from the ones that make them happy, and fight for the ones that make them cry?
RT @SimSimiBitch: What I do on Grand Theft Auto: 10% Legit missions. 90% Fuck shit up, steal cars, and run over people.
RT @SimSimiBitch: I hate when I get that one text where I'm just like, how the fuck do I reply to this?
RT @SimSimiBitch: ''IMMA BE, IMMA BE, IMMA IMMA IMMA BE!" "Grandma please, walmart doesn't have to know what your bra size is."
RT @SimSimiBitch: Saying bye to someone… then staying online for another 2 hours.
RT @SimSimiBitch: “Missed a call* *Calls back* *No answer* “What, did you die within 3 seconds?”"
RT @ImTracyMorgan: “have a nice day”.....”BITCH,DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO”
RT @ImTracyMorgan: School Supplies: 1. Cellphone. 2. Charger 3. Headphones 4. iPod 5. Snacks 6. Homework. That I copied 7. Money
RT @ImTracyMorgan: Relationships nowadays = First week: I love you baby.. Second week: Together forever.. Third week: Single..
RT @ImTracyMorgan: ♫ ♪ ROLL ROLL ROLL YOUR HOE FUCK HER TILL SHE SCREAMS BUST A NUT SMACK HER BUTT THEN PASS HER TO THE TEAM ♫ ♪
RT @ImTracyMorgan: YOYO: You Only Young Once
RT @ImTracyMorgan: I hate when fat people say you couldn't walk a mile in my shoes, i'm like bitch you couldn't walk a mile in your shoe ...
RT @ImTracyMorgan: I'm a leader. Not a follower. Unless it's a dark place, then fuck that shit you're going first!
RT @StewieJokess: To all the people that think the world ends December 21 2012, you can stop using condoms this month.
RT @StewieJokess: Bitch, you better rewind your attitude before I fast forward your ass whooping..
RT @StewieJokess: Things to do at WALMART  Scream loudly, "Wow, that's a low price!" And have a friend in the next aisle yell, "YEAH, I  ...
RT @StewieJokess: The awkward moment when you spend all your time looking for something, then realizing it's in your hand or right in fr ...
RT @Katt__Williams: Dora: "So what part did you like?!" Me: "I liked it when.." Dora: "Yeah! So Did I!" Me: "Bitch! I WASN'T FUCKING DON ...
RT @Katt__Williams: ''I will NOT forget.... I will NOT forget...." *next day* "So.. did you bring it?" "Shhhiiiiiiiiiiitttttttt, I forgot.''
RT @MARTlN_LARWENCE: I would slap the shit out you but that would be animal abuse.
RT @MARTlN_LARWENCE: For Easter I'm gonna get really drunk and hide a whole bunch of eggs, wake up sober and have an Easter egg hunt wit ...
RT @StewieJokess: Dear God, Make me a bird, so I can crap on those who piss me off.
RT @StewieJokess: I respest all my haters.. I raise my middle finger to salute them
RT @StewieJokess: You're 14 and have a half-naked picture as your profile pic on Facebook | Twitter ? Your parents must be incredibly proud.
RT @StewieJokess: Here's my cup of give a fuck, \_/ Oh look it's empty, so jog on.
RT @DrrakeYMCMB: Be useful to others. But don't be used by others.
RT @KevinHart2Real: I hate it when I'm eating cereal and the last three pieces are like "B*tch, catch me if you can!"
RT @KevinHart2Real: What would u do if u were locked in a car with no food no water & a gun. Kid: i would kill myself. Me: WOW why dont  ...
They all made me laugh :D vvvv
RT @KevinHartJokes: (_!_) Normal ass (!) Tight ass (__!__) Fat ass (_$_) Rich ass (_B_) Bitch ass (_x_) Kiss ass (_?_) Stupid ass (_E=mc ...
RT @KevinHartJokes: Hoodies? I wear that. Arizonas? I drink that. Skittles? I eat that. Trayvon Martin? Ain't deserve that.
RT @KevinHartJokes: N*ggas only f*ck bad bitches yet all these ugly girls getting pregnant. Somebody lying
RT @KevinHartJokes: Just saw two deaf girl arguing, one said "B*TCH keep my name out your hands"
RT @KevinHartJokes: I saw something that reminded me of you today, but don't worry, I flushed it.
RT @KevinHartJokes: I like your makeup. LOL, just kidding. It looks like you got gangbanged by Crayola.
RT @KevinHartJokes: I'm not saying that she's easy, I'm just saying that she's been under more sheets than the KKK.
RT @KevinHartJokes: Shout Out to the Chicks that say, "So what are we now?" After Fucking on the First Date... Bitch we just Fuckin!
RT @KevinHartJokes: I'm not saying she's a slut, but if her vagina was a video game it would be rated E for Everyone.
RT @KevinHartJokes: When life gives you lemons, make grape juice... then sit back & watch everyone wonder how the hell you did it.
RT @KevinHartJokes: Smacking girls in the ass is sexual harassment ...Unless u say "good game" afterwards
RT @KevinHartJokes: i know for a fact dora pussy stank cuz that bitch aint never home to take a shower!
RT @KevinHart2Real: Big bang theory + how I met your mother + two and a half men = I met your mother and banged her with two and a half men.
RT @KevinHart2Real: I always REGRET leaving my phone on "silent" when I can't find it.
Ey boiboi wats wrng? Txt me wen you c dis
Da muh boi is nothin bt btches and sht.wth is up..
RT @BossMackTopSoil: Life Is Fun AF Bitch and U Know It
Goin to ewa for a bit
RT @PYROisJACKFROST: U can try 2 explain urself 2 somebody.But if they're not tryna hear what u have 2 say. Ur words r falling on deaf e ...
Lol THEY CRACK ME UP XD gotta love them for tht. Wat an epic webcamin tht we jst had..fckin sht
Hahaha fckin naomi made muh day.tht sht makes me laugh everytime I c it. http://t.co/NLzjCSCq
Haha sht tht makes me laugh
XD I bet....
Hahaha laughin lke sht wat I jst saw lol
Go ahead and hide it lol ^^^^
Y do you even care for jw..
Anyway, Im on tht new sht. Every trend, I introduce it. Motherfuck you with a big dick ;p #arthursayinlol
Hahaha sht thts real funny lol..fckin chris
Goin tlk to muh cuzin then off to bed..stay strap lol
Hahaha ;p they crack me up
Tiare jst cracks me up
RT @OtilEO: Arguing with stupid ppl is a waste of time. .
Time to wrk lol
RT @_xCrazySexyLove: Talk That Talk , & Then Walk That Walk !
I got 99 problems bt a btch ain't one
love me or hate me either way i'm on your mind
Haha wow private number called
Hey guess wat... I don't give a sht anymore
Hahaha sht I had fun..they crack me up those two gotta love tiare and sophie
Damn they crack me up &gt;&gt;
Fckin fluff is funny
Fckin judah cracks me up...she so funny
Hahaha sht da convo tht I b hvin with pple
Fck ice pond its cancels
hahaha sht your funny af arthur
t(-__-)t
Its so funny how muh eyes and ears come to me all da time and tell me lol
RT @SpadeKosta: Befo my day start..I wanna say " I'm becoming this bc the people round me keep my grounded & workin"
RT @SpadeKosta: alway watch yo back even tho u feel like des streets are home..
RT @BossMackTopSoil: Bitch Be Nice Today
RT @BossMackTopSoil: LAZY BITCHES!!! REALLY!? U BITCHES STILL SLEEP & SHIT!? U BITCHES CAN GET THA FUCK UP NOW!!!!
RT @LilPlayboii: I wanna wake up every morning look at my phone and see a missed call or a text from that special someone..
RT @Mr_iKeepitreal: Why be in a open relationship? Being singles the same thing.
RT @StedSoFly: People really take this "typo" shit to whole new levels on Twitter. Like it's Twitter not a damn writing test, lol.
RT @LivingLegendO_o: My Tweets are my Bio....
RT @StedSoFly: I always stay in my bed at least another 30mins after actually waking up, smh. (。_。)
RT @iLills_24: ^.^ this class be crazyy
RT @timmyytim012: Fakes &&' fonies is just anotha one to add to my list !
All cuz she taller than me dont mean sht...
Fck it your gf can come and find me all da time wen we pua skool
Think tht ima get mines haha btch come again
Tellin me to b careful to who I tlk to ha. I already knoe who told you wat ans sht
Fckin pple these days
If you think tht im tlkin sht then comfront me and bring da btch who told you
Nxt time I here pple tlkin sht wen they dont even knoe ima blast you n da face
Haha fckin pple lke to tlk sht wen I nva tlk to them
Ima fck you all up sht idgaf no more you aint muh friends
Wen you step up to me best beat I wont step dwn
Fckin come you got muh number btch
Wat im suppose to b shtin brick
Fck all those pple tht they knoe wats goin on wen you dont
Tell your gf to come try to kick muh ass
I AINT SCARED OF NOBODY get tht straight
If you think tht im scared btch come call me out
Fck it all
Gurls with fake hair, fake nails, fake eyelashes and fake purses wonder why they can't find a real man.
Who do you trust wen no one seems real anymore?
Fake pple tlk bout other pple being Fake. Real pple wrry bout their business and nobody else's.
If you hve to keep tellin pple how real you are, its probably bcuz your fake
da only thing tht annoys me more then pple who only hit me wen they need sumthing...is da fake conversation bfore they ask.
I'm leaving bhind all da fake pple n muh lfe and yes I knoe who you are.
Smile n ya face, bt everybody fake
Fake friends are autumn leaves; they are scattered everywhere.
I hate wen pple act a different way wen they get around certain pple.
RT @itsLeeei_: You think they're your friends, till you hear what they say when you're gone
@juudaahh are you at RACK CITY JUDAH???
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around durin your brightest moments, bt disappear durin your darkest hours
Fake pple tlk bout other pple being Fake. Real pple wrry bout their business and nobody else's.
da only thing tht annoys me more then pple who only hit me wen they need somethin...is da fake conversation bfore they ask
I'm leavin bhind all da fake pple n muh lfe and yes I knoe who you are.
I hate wen pple act a different way wen they get around certain people.
We live n a world built on promises, constructed by liars.
Ima put on a fake smile jst for you
Ill show a fake friend..wen your gettin beat up all ima do is record and post it up on fb
RT @Tay_Baltimoree: as long as somebody gettin there's they dont give a fuck bout you... remember that.
cant call everybody your bestfriend
If I dont tlk to you then btch dont open your mouth lke you knoe
I lke how you fck up muh friendship with muh bestie cuz I wont tlk to you
Keep runnin your mouth lke your all big and bad
Ill show you tht im not a friend...jst wait wen they come after you
I should of nv step up for you..i should of let you get your ass whoop
Fck dis idgaf...lena has a big mouth
Fck you all cuz you all fake
Me and ani boi is sayin FCK you all
Yous a fake btch
Fck two face btch
Hahaha sht good times
I wanna drop snitches, fake friends, all tlk...
I'm pissed to da max jst wanna drop a lot of pple
Dumb as haole motherfcker thinkin tht she all....haha I'm not goin to say anything lol
Now I knoe not to hang out with you at nite cuz I knoe you dip out lke aways
Dumb btches these days
Sdfu I fckin hate you....hahaha you knoe tht lol
Tlk sht get hit btch plain and simple
FCK SNITCHES they DESEVRES to b n DITCHES
FCK snitches tht ain't nothin bt scared bt yet they can tlk their sht hardcore snitches rite
Hahaha she said tht she got suapended gor chocolate tht a threw on her lol lier
Yups you better put your head dwn wen I wlk by
#TellEm
I hold it dwn and keep it real btch
Haha none of your friends knoes not to defend you web it comes to me
Hahaha I'm not da person you should b fckin with haha
I swang and I bang
Hahaha wat a motherfckin lfe rite
Hahaha out and bout since I'm not goin to skool
Snitchin will only get you n a bigger problem
Tmrrw I find out if I'm wlkin and goin to prom. If not then ima whoop her ass n front of vp
Can't wait till da day comes...hahaha
Nobody lkes you Britney go transfer to another skool I got friends over too lol
Hahaha Britney is goin to get her ass whoop by kalihi gurls...ima hve tht on record btch
Don't tlk sht if you can't bck yo sht up...stand yo ground wen runnin your mouth
Tlk sht get hit btch plain and simple
Hahaha damn I got eyes and ears all around da skool so b careful of wat you say
Y you Lyin for...sayin tht you got suspended cu a gurl through milk on you lol
FCK Britney lee-saiki she ain't nothin bt a snitch
roses are red; violets are blue, you cant spell slut without u
@TheProfGrammar brah sdfu on da real NOBODY CARES bout spellin on here you stupid so gdfoh damn fckin haole pple and there correct spellin
Slap a player, stomp a bitch; they both aint nothing but some nasty tricks.
Its drop idgaf tlk yo sht cuz ima ask them muhself
Funny sht
Goin to tlk to muh sissy tmrrw lol
Ill fck you up tmrrw and post da video up on fb youtube
RT @X0X0CL: I'm not book smart what so ever but when reality really hits me I know for a fact I'm street smart.
Keep tlkin sht cuz you goin to get drop btch
Scrap tmrrw I hope so
Brit ima tlk to you tmrrw
Y you scared btch you should b eyein me out n da.first place
I'm dwn to fight anybody especially her idgaf we can go rounds and rounds aint sht goin happen to me
Thts cool go with YOUR friend
Hahaha your a fcked up friend
Fck yea btch
Fck da bs
Hahahaha you can tell wen sumone has a fake ass on lmfao damn
Yea fck you
Hahahaha tellin lies both you guys
I'm bout to bounce
Hahaha yous Lyin lke a btch
Get da FCK up out of her..no fake srry tht you are
Gotta go get me new shoe
Smoke all day everyday thts how to live lfe
I'm jst da best at wat I do
Hahaha nobody cant replace me. Who showed you a good time
Jst remember wen we are not tlkin..yous jst a rebound to keep her mind off of me.everthin you do jst another image of me haha sad
Sht im a balla shot collar
Makin dis money on muh own. Thts a lfe of a drug dealer
We need to tlk bout everythin no btch cuz I don't got nothin to say
Waitin fo your ass hahaha sht plz
I'm damned if I do and damned if I don't holla fck da world with muh chest fulla smoke.
Fck fear btch better b scared for dear lfe
Fck idgaf if you can't trust a btch..i knoe not to trust yo ass cuz you fake
Lets go to skool and hear dis bullsht
Tht goes for you all. Lena, sarai, ciara, tai, roshelle, christine, mad, and more... http://t.co/x20TQOuR
Yups thts true http://t.co/0l6OWi70
Fck da movies
Senior ditch day fck yea cant wait...beach SANDYS
Done cryin
Fck you I already knew you wasnt comin anyways
We can tlk all you want bt nope its not goin to change muh mind
I already knoe wats up so stop hatin
A true friends hahaha btch you fake
Its all good tlk yo sht...yous not a friend btch
Hve da runnin nose cuz I been cryin dis whole week
&lt;/3 thts all you is
Yous happy huh..after all you feel lke a fck up friend
Thts all I c is nothin bt yo bck turned and wlkin away
Everythin is fake
Aint got sht bt FCK DA WORLD
Nvr say tht your there me wen your not ...your words all bs
I hate fckin listenin to music tht reminds me of you
Out and bout to cheer me up I guess
All your words was jst all bs huh
You got nothing to lose. You don't lose when you lose fake friends.
Fake it until you make it.
RT @X0X0CL: You think that you know me but all you know is my dam name. #ShutYourShitUp
RT @X0X0CL: #messagetomyhaters kill ya with my kindness.
Friends muh ass
Fck fb
“Lfe anit always wat it seems to b, and words cnt express wat you mean to me.”
Yea your straight up fake friend
Thts goes out to you all http://t.co/exq60RdB
Fck friends they ain't shit, I only fck with da ones tht fck with me. Meanin I only fck with da ones who keep it real
I wanna get high as hell
Yea thnks a lot cuz I went against  muh own family for wat. Now where do I live now
I jst wanna blast you n da fckin face mad...since I aint friends wit her no more. Keep it up and don't c if I drop you
Idgaf if you guys tell them dis sht...all I can say is FCK YOU DUMB BTCH
I jst wanna smoke muh lfe away so muh day can b better
You guys cant say im fake cuz who tf was there for you guys..huh
Im done I had it with everyone
All fake frm da start
Its all good now I knoe who is there for me and jst dont want me to protect them frm sht
I had you bck and everythin
Its good ill leave you alone...thts y I deleted muh fbs for a reason
Our friendship was all fake I guess
You was nvr muh friend rite
I was always there for you and now you aint for me...fck you
Im fckin done
true friends muh ass
Im done with everyone tht I hang out with
Wat a fckin friend you are rite
Fck you..yous aint a true friend cuz I went against muh own family for you
Hahaha sht wow idk wat df you tryin to do bt nope btch fck you...yous aint muh friend
@106andParkfansseeing your love of your lfe n pain cuz of their last x # BIGMISTAKE
@106andParkfanspushin me away #BIGMISTAKE
@106andParkfans tryin to bring me dwn and not let me shine #BIGMISTAKE
@106andParkfans being niele n wat im doin is a #BIGMISTAKE dnt wrry bout wat im doin big wrry bout wat im not
@106andParkfans tlkin bhind your finds bck and thinkin tht they wont find out # BIG MISTAKE
@106andParkfans leavin muh hawaiian islands for college wen you jst found da one and now your leavin #BIGMISTAKE
@106andParkfans party lke project x for prom after party #BIGMISTAKE
@106andParkfans not being with you is a #BIGMISTAKE
@106andParkfans fallin for your bestfriend and they dont feel da same for you #BIGMISTAKE
@106andParkfans tellin da person how you truly feel bout them...then they tell you tht your jst a sissy to them status # BIG MISTAKE
I'm screamin FCK you trick you don't knoe nothing kay
I'm at da point were da nxt time you look at me lke tht ima jst blast you n da face
You don't knoe sht I'm gettin irritated by all tht on da real
I lke how you look at me and wen I said no I didn't get her all tht you gave tht look lke sure ok.btch FCK you
Brah FCK all you guys tht think tht I got all of those stuff for ciara
Keep tlkin sht cuz dis isnt even btw you and me..kay so sdfu and gdfoh kay dumb trick
I want to hold you again n da movies...
Cant get you out muh head
I loved today so much on how much it turned out to be
Cant wait till over nxt day out
You made muh day today and I lke how da day turn out to be
Muh heart was racin every since we met up at.da movies
Hahaha it's all good
:) I'm still laughin at you..
@TheProfGrammar btch fck you...we aint skool dumb fck..so dont wrry bout muj spellin
Hahaha damn all you gives cuz idgaf no more fck you all..yoi knoe s.c.m. Shtcantmention..
All tht money tht I spent could of been towards weed
Its so funny how your da only person tht I told
Im not goin to stop smilin at all
Hahaha damn drop you lke I drop a red pen with no care
You jst lke fck sht up huh
Good all tht sht happen bfor we met ..cuz now im lke fck you no care
Thought we was gurl bt guess wat its all good..
Im lke fck you, fck you
Shts goin dwn
Tmrrw ima thnk you n person
You lke put up sht well so can i
Its so fckin funny how I jst up and dont care
Bt go ahead and believe them cuz its all good
Jst to fckin funny
Its so funny how you wont tell me bt I already knew who you were tlkin bout
Haha yea btch I knoe care
I jst can't stop laughin
THNK YOU VERY MUCH &gt;)
Hahaha you can believe it cuz I knoe who told anyways
Hahaha sht tht was funny
Hahaha sht tht was hella funny
Tmrrw is goin to b funny I knoe it..
Hahaha sht I can't....
It's lke dis :) cuz sht will it jst is
There's not one day where you b btchin
First then you do wen you get home is btch up da ass
You b btchin for wat lke sht...
You got me laughin lke crzy :)
Hahaha thts all :)
I lke how you two b tryin to hide sht bt can't. I grew up on da streets and everything sign there is to read dumb fcks
I knoe wats up btch you can't hide sht..
I love you..ha not no more btch you b giving me da FCK you vib lke sht
FCK I haven't been on here tht long FCK gotta update everyone wats up
I party hard lke a rock star
Can't wait till prom to go all out and hve fun lke sht
Goin to drug free dance all blind...whose goin lke tht
Part of me still lkes you bt now it FCK you kine sht
It's all good you can hve her cuz sht I hve others
I'm way better than you
Jst remember everything tht you are doin. I did first so your jst another image of me. Hahaha sad
Hahahaha sht you jst crack me up on da real
I knoe wats up with you two now
@juubaaahh nxt week I can on monday, tuesday, thursday
Wow all muh respect for is sht now cuz damn you really aint a friend
At skool
I spend lke crazy on sht tht makes me happy
I love tht I can spend money lke nothin and not wrry bout sht
Im still lke fck you btch
Listenin to weed music yea buddy
I hve sum fruitcakes up n muh 1st pd class
I was thinkin y you goin to come wen I knoe for a fact tht you still hve da fck you vib..
I hve a afroman n muh class. You knoe wat tht means...
Got wrk today damn n da sun too
For sum reason I knoe care bout you, you, and you. I feel good now
Damn you jst make me laught all da time I c you
Senior prom mhm got to da after party bfor prom,mhmmm
Hahaha sht y you tryin so hard for...everythin tht you b doin. Remember I did it first your jst followin
Fckin dumb tricks dis days
Hahaha damn you jst crack me up all da time on da real
You b pmsing to much on da real
Ima take a break for 30 mins of hmwrk
Its so  funny how you tryin to b lke me
Im not doin it today
Its so funny how I txt and all bt you knoe wat fck it
I really dont care bout you now and I dont knoe y I did n da first place
Hahahaha sht you knoe wat I really dont lke you so hell yea now I knoe
Tlkin to muh old friends and catchin up on sum sht
Ima miss Hawaii wen I leave
Damn I been gone to long
Holy sht I hve a lot of catching up to do
Damn hvent been on here n a whole minute
Posted up n hmerm
I knoe care bout you three no more
Im still sayin fck you haha btch
Hahaha watchin family guy
Hahaha sht your jst
Damn I can't blieve tht your still goin on sht
Hahaha
Damn muh cap teacher is a trip out
Yay its all goin away fck yea
Fck yea its all good
Chillin n cap bein hella bored
Hahaha sht you is funny
LLS hahaha
I fckin love muh cuzzin..we think jst alke
Who doesn't knoe wat PSM means
Fck I can do a lot done with muh sociology hmwrk and expos wrtin
Sht I dont think so fck you must b hella crzy to think tht lol
Hahaha hell no im not doin tht sht
Bout time you got a twitter lauren
Hi I knoe your readin dis so FCK YOU BTCH lol jk I love you paige
Holy sht.
Video chattin with these fck heads lol
Tlkin to eddie
Its so funny how I hve friends with wierd names lke: autumn, sumer, may, april, froster, storm and etc
Hahaha sht wth you thinkin on da real big t...
Hahaha sht I do c it you way lke sht thnks gurl..ima message you...
Hahaha fckin arthur....i hve to agree with you on tht one...
Ima not let it get to me on da real cuz I knoe wat I said and theres nothin bad bout it and I knoe its bout you bt its not bad
All wells
Y are you takin it da wrong way. I knoe for a fact theres nothin bad bout it..
There wasn't nothing bad bout muh status on da real.
Wow thts is jst fckin dumb
Hahaha fckin sht
Damn I did so much everyone and n return ima do sumthing big and you will feel da pain tht im goin thro
Hahaha sht you make me laught lke sht on da real
Listenin to music and bout to do muh hmwrk
Hahaha tlkin sht to arthur, cici, amy, big t, nono, and others haha fckin miss them
Swimmin bt damn I miss those days tht I used to raid your pool
Hahahaha sht its a good as day
Fckin sht
Up and bout to smoke dis weed
Fck I cant stop lookin at da pic of you...
Gonna do sumthim
Hahaha btch ass
I hve a choice to whoop your ass...yes or no mhmm is a yes for me
Hahahaha sht I hve two classes with you and your frontin hahaha sht
Hahahaha sht I knoe you b frontin all da time bt thts alrite sht its jst funny.
Yea sht thts wat im tlkim bout. Fck they b sayin da same sht tht I b thinkin haha thts wats up
I hve d a best ganja song to listen to wen im doin tht ganja farm
Whos gonna smoke sum weed tonite put your lighters up if you goin to smoke sum weed tonite.
I can say a lot of sht lke you do
Your jst so fckin....hahaha cant say on here...i knoe you readin dis hahaha
I wasted money on a fckin movie and on top of tht I wasted sht loads on you for wat
Sht I wanna burn
Damn time to get fcked up. I'm so ready for today
Good mornin to you, you, you, you, wait FCK tht sht. It's a big FCK you btch hahaha
Jst wasted money bt thts all good cuz im stoned
We smokin tht ganja
Smokin your problems away really ain't workin cuz it gets you honking bout da sht all over and moe then you usually do
It's all good cuz sht I knoe wats up and sht. even tho da lines are not big bt hey I still can read them good
Theres one thing bout you. I can tell wen you are lying through a txt
If I had one wish tht I could do anything. It would go bck I tht day where I was fckin dumb out of muh mind
I didn't mean for all dis sht to go dwn da way it did. On da real I'm really srry bt there's sht tht you'll nvr understand at all
I always get da best weed ever..you already knoe me
Bt it's good cuz you go after da pple tht break your heart and treat you lke sht.
I had a lot of feelin for you and they will always b there no matter wat happens and time keep goin on
Now I knoe y I'm still trippin over you bcuz you is not lke everyone else
Time for me to pick up another blunt
Wat da fck y am I still trippin over you for
Cleanin muh room and sht then I'm out to cruz it wih muh girl Lena and burn one
Only if I nvr meet you then things would b different n a way
Sht I nvr felt lke dis for any one bt you is different from da other and I wonder y is tht
Pretty much all da songs tht I hve and listen to reminds me of us and sht tht we did
I hate feelin lke did rite now. It's all cuz of you
It's all good cuz our friendship was a one big FCK you n da face from da start
It's all good cuz I don't give a FCK cuz it jst shows tht you want da sht tht I want
If t wasn't for me then btch you wouldn't knoe pple here. You'll jst b a fckin loner all da way to graduation.
I need to get all dis anger out of me lke rite now sht
I'm so n da mood to go bck to boxin rite now and let out all muh anger bt I can't cuz they are close...sht ima get boxin gloves now
A big fckin sht goes out to you btch I'll knock da sht out of you hahaha
Now I knoe ways up with pple tht I hang out with now
I fckin dwn feelin lke dis for no fckin reason wen sht you don't even care so y do I even fckin care for. I'm a dumb FCK now rite
Hahaha sht plz
Hahaha fckin sht jst sittin here think bout sht tht happen bck n da past and knoe I wats up bout you
Since you got fb and post sht up then I got twitter to post sht up too
I put to much energy, time, love, and ect for wat. All I got out of it was sht
Don't give two sht bout thing now tht pop n muh head really
Music ain't helpin me really to calm dwn for sum reason
I wonder y you don't knoe jack sht bout me for sum reason. Mhm cuz btch I wasted muh time on you sht thts wat I get hub
There's one thing tht you thing tht you didn't knoe bout me. I knoe ways up and I can read pple lke nothing. You don't knoe jack sht bout me
Btch I aint fckin stupid at all dumb sht. I can read btw da fckin lines wen all da sht is all big and highlighted to da fckin max
N  a fckin badass mood rite now
Sht if you dwn to bang then hit me up with a txt cuz I'm dwn to bang wen ever and ready for watever.
On da other hand I fckin hate da sht out you your ass too. Think tht your all tht wen your not
I fckin hate wen you come n muh mind for sum reason. Sht rite wen I thought tht you are out muh mind no your not sht
N a pissed off mood rite now
FCK tht sht cuz on da real da person tht you chill with ain't sht at all. On she lke say tht she den to bang ha btch plz shut da FCK up
All da sht tht I did for you is for nothing really. Thts wat you are tellin me really
I don't knoe y da FCK tht I bother with you n da first place sht
I'm done tryin with you. FCK you don't wanna tlk and all you do is start up more sht.
I hate dis feelin on da real
Tlkin to muh gurl Cindy bout everything
I love you with all muh heart
I'm dwn #
Hahaha sht I miss you so much
