Made_ForJesus
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3067279499/f08cdf4930aa7451d721b533b0350f79_400x400.jpeg
Trusting in yourself leads to pride. Trusting in God leads to humility.
Jesus was rejected so that you can be accepted by the Creator who holds eternity in His hands.
Luke 7:36-50... With Jesus, the rejected are accepted (the woman); the "accepted" are rejected (Pharisees whose pride prevented repentance).
When you find and use the passion God gave you to serve others in church, prepare to encounter the Holy Spirit in a way you never have.
If we are all gods, then why did Jesus have to die to save us? Why do we worship him and not ourselves? God lives IN Christians, though.
Psalms 82, when it says "You are gods," seems to be referring to heavenly beings (not humans). It doesn't mean we're all a god.
Give me neither poverty nor riches, lest I be full and deny you and say, "Who is the Lord?" or lest I be poor and steal. 30:8-9. #Proverbs
Every word of God proves true... Do not add to his words, lest he rebuke you and you be found a liar. 30:5-6. #ProverbsThursday
One's pride will bring him low, but he who is lowly in spirit will obtain honor. 29:23. #ProverbsThursday
By mere words a person is not disciplined, for though he understands, he won't respond. #ProverbsThursday
If a wise man has an argument with a fool, the fool only rages and laughs, and there is no quiet. #ProverbsThursday
I will wait. God rewards patience and faith. http://t.co/l1R3UXLV3S
Do not say, "I will repay evil"; wait for the Lord, and he will deliver you. #ProverbSaturday
#CatsOfTwitter http://t.co/ftKL84CNLP
A man of many companions may come to ruin, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother. #ProverbSaturday
Before destruction a man's heart is haughty, but humility comes before honor. #ProverbSaturday
A fool takes no pleasure in understanding, but only in expressing his opinion. #ProverbSaturday
Fine speech is not becoming to a fool; still less is false speech to a prince. #ProverbSaturday
Gracious words are like a honeycomb, sweetness to the soul and health to the body. #ProverbSaturday
By steadfast love and faithfulness iniquity is atoned for, and by the fear of the Lord one turns away from evil. #ProverbSaturday
Everyone who is arrogant in heart is an abomination to the Lord; be assured, he will not go unpunished. #ProverbSaturday
Commit your work to the Lord, and your plans will be established. #ProverbSaturday
The fear of the Lord is instruction in wisdom, and humility comes before honor. #ProverbSaturday
Whoever is greedy for unjust gain troubles his own household, but he who hates bribes will live. #ProverbSaturday
Without counsel plans fail, but with many advisers they succeed. #ProverbSaturday
Better is a little with the fear of the Lord than great treasure and trouble with it. #ProverbSaturday
A soft answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger. #ProverbSaturday
Those slow to anger have great understanding, but a hasty temper exalts folly. A tranquil heart gives life, but envy rots. #ProverbSaturday
In all toil there is profit, but mere talk tends only to poverty. #ProverbSaturday
Whoever despises his neighbor is a sinner, but blessed is he who is generous to the poor. #ProverbsSaturday
Whoever spares the rod hates his son, but he who loves him is diligent to discipline him. #ProverbsFriday
Whoever walks with the wise becomes wise, but the companion of fools will suffer harm. #ProverbsFriday
One pretends to be rich, yet has nothing; another pretends to be poor, yet has great wealth. #ProverbsFriday
The way of a fool is wise in his own eyes, but a wise man listens to advice. #ProverbsFriday
Whoever loves discipline loves knowledge, but he who hates reproof is stupid. #ProverbsFriday
One gives freely, yet grows all the richer; another withholds what he should give, and only suffers want. #ProverbsFriday
Whoever belittles his neighbor lacks sense, but a man of understanding remains silent. #ProverbsFriday
Never compromise your faith for temporary earthly pleasure. #standfirm #genuine #perseverance
RT @CSLCHSnMore: http://t.co/iUMyU4nsaH
RT @AlvedaCKing: It's time to #DefundPlannedParenthood #PPSellsBabyBodyParts @PPact @CecileRichards
Repent; Jesus may come back right now. I love people who are IN the LGBTQ community. But I do not condone the lifestyle. It's not natural.
Strip everything away.... Till all I have is you. Jesus, that's a hard prayer but I need to desire you above EVERYTHING.
Pray for others more than you pray for yourselves. Investing in others' happiness in turn increases your joy.
Cultivate instead of compare, create instead of copy, contribute instead of compete.
"I, I am he who comforts you; who are you that you are afraid of man who dies, and have forgotten the LORD, your Maker?" Isaiah 51:12-13
Dear future husband: I want you to have close relationships with every one of our children. I don't want them to say they rarely talk to you
Dear future husband: I want you to be discerning about hypocrisy, but not allow that to make you cynical toward church.
Dear future husband: I want you to love godly community and see the importance of daily encouragement.
My parents model a good example of what I want in a future marriage. #ForeverThankful
The LORD waits to be gracious to you, and therefore he exalts himself to show mercy to you. For the LORD is a God of justice. Isaiah 30:18
Jesus makes me so happy. I can't stop wanting to sing about him, read about him...I want to get better at freely talking about him to others
@42nagirl Thanks, love! Hope you're doing well ❤️ -Blessings-
God's power will protect me (1 Peter 1:5, John 10:29) &amp; He is preparing me for eternity (1:6-7, 3:15). He allows trials to strengthen faith.
Reason for hope: God chose me before I chose him (1 Peter 1:1-2), He always treats me with mercy (1:3) and he's secured my future (1:4).
What's God's plan for me? Our purpose is to get to know God. What do I do now? Live to honor God. Share life's purpose with others.
Who am I? God made you to love you. Does God care about me? Yes. God made you to last forever. How can I be like Jesus? Follow his example.
Need answers? Ask without doubting in prayer.
@christliketoday Amen! Only when you're trying to figure out how to biblically handle the situation can you discuss with someone you trust.
Jesus (God) destroyed the power of death (devil) with his death on the cross. And he knows all our temptations, for he also is 100% man.
"In the world you will have tribulation. But take heart; I have overcome the world." John 16:33
#picstitch with my sister in Christ! Godly community is such a blessing and vital aspect of following Jesus. http://t.co/tIs65GTqtQ
https://t.co/oiMrbAOUPN
Jesus says, "Before Abraham was, I am." (John 8:58) ...Jesus always existed, so he is God!
RT @BroLes3: "Be confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus. Phil…
RT @KendraS37: @Brittney_Moses We don't choose God. He chooses us. But after we're saved, we can choose to obey or disobey
Happy World Autism Awareness Day! I'm presenting research in my university today to show how music therapy helps autism. #LIUB
Modesty is golden. "Where do you want to draw another person's attention to? You in your temporary human glory or God in his majestic glory?
"Sometimes we find ourselves by doing things we really don't want to or shouldn't do."
Too much judgment can ruin you. Too little judgment can do the same thing, so it takes a lot of wisdom to understand the right kind.
RT @MNCRoundTable: Life is too short, so laugh when you can, apologise when you should and let go of what you can't change.
http://t.co/EJwwjDWeQS
Focus on your blessings and what you're looking forward to because there is hope in those things (specifically, in Jesus). Your choice.
God is our refuge and strength; a very present help in trouble. Therefore we won't fear though the Earth gives way. Psalm 46
Just keep pressing on and doing your best. It's that simple! Don't overthink it. God will fill in the gaps of your weaknesses. Believe it.
God needs to stay at the center of my life. Only in him will I find rest!
It was my sin that held him there, until it was accomplished. Why should I gain from His reward? His wounds have paid my ransom.
Those who are most ready for marriage are those who need it the least. There's a contentment to be found in Christ first. -Francis Chan
My shield is with Jesus. God is a righteous judge...if a man doesn't repent, God will whet his sword. Psalm 7:10-12
RT @random_ukht: Something to think about 💭 http://t.co/2VKu9TDFY8
"Riches I heed not, nor man's empty praise. But thine inheritance now and always!"
RT @GodlyDating101: Still watching everyone else or knocking on the door that God closed? http://t.co/wetsCutDBc
I'll be a witness in the silences when words are not enough...don't underestimate the power of your TESTIMONY in evangelism!
When I think about how many times fallible humans fail me, it makes me all the more REJOICE that I have an infallible Savior who loves me.
Jesus is alive. He's coming back to Earth soon, hallelujah! In the meantime, is everything you do glorifying to him?
RT @GodlyDating101: It's not enough to say all the right words, they need to be following God's Word.
RT @MattJamesFit: People reject Jesus because it interferes with the way they want to live their lives ... #truth
God's grace breaks a prideful heart. The hardest truth becomes the most comforting truth. Contentment says, "Jesus is enough."
Pride is the root of worry, greed &amp; bitterness. Pride says we'd rather save ourselves &amp; we think we know what we need better than God does.
Bitterness: if you don't allow God's healing grace into your wound, then it'll get infected. God gives a ministry out of your testimony.
Greed: don't be dependent on this world; put investment in Jesus. The opposite of greed is contentment and satisfaction.
Worry comes from not trusting God won't forsake you.
Enemies of contentment: worry, greed, bitterness and pride.
No guilt in life, no fear in death: this is the power of Christ in me! May Jesus provide more opportunities to share His love with the world
RT @GodlyDating101: Learn to say no.
RT @GodlyDating101: Some people will do and say whatever you want to hear until you're eventually in the place they want you. Be careful.
RT @GodlyDating101: If we can't be single and enjoy life, a spouse can't change that.
When you worry about your future, just remember how much God got you through in the past.
RT @GodlyDating101: http://t.co/iSZruiIGe3
Repent of your sins, confess Jesus is Lord and believe He saved you from your sins -- and you will reap eternal life in paradise with him!
Whoever loves has been born of God...perfect love casts out fear.
He who is in you is greater than he who is in the world. 1 John 4:4
RT @GodlyDating101: Of course you can't control anyone, but if you sit back and keep quiet about it then you can't expect change. http://t.…
"By this it is evident who are the children of God, and who are the children of the devil: whoever doesn't love his brother isn't of God."
If anyone loves the world -- pride in possessions, desires of the eyes and flesh -- the love of the Father is not in him. 1 John 2:15-16
Pastors who have children with wayward behavior are called to step down from their job until their family is in line. 1 Timothy 3:5
"If we say we have fellowship with him while we walk in darkness, we lie and do not practice the truth." 1 John 1:6
Jesus is coming back to Earth! He'll come in the clouds with trumpets and in the blink of an eye, all His followers will be with Him. 🙌
RT @GodlyDating101: Stop giving spouse privileges to temporary people.
RT @GodlyDating101: http://t.co/iZXmBVG8Me
RT @GodlyDating101: You'll never be at peace in an unequally yoked relationship. There is no peace outside of the will of God, only confusi…
@Rinshharming That's a great example of how God opposes the proud but gives grace to humble servants who seek others' good above their own:)
"I think it right, as long as I am in this body, to stir you up by way of reminder." 2 Peter 1:13. ~Refresh yourself with the Bible daily.
RT @annaagrace21: Reading some of @GodlyDating101 articles. WOW. Such truth in these. Totally would check out his page. http://t.co/oMCLnnZ…
RT @GodlyDating101: One of my previous blogs #LinkIsInMyBio http://t.co/cRtHROcJjO
If when you do good and suffer for it you endure, this is a gracious thing in the sight of God because Christ also suffered for you. 1 Peter
As obedient children, don't be conformed to the passions of your former ignorance, but as he who called you is holy, be holy. 1 Peter 1:14
Though you do not now see him, you love him, believe in him and rejoice with joy that is inexpressible and filled with glory. 1 Peter 1:8
RT @GodlyDating101: If God sent them, they will want to see you grow spiritually, not request "favors" that cause you to disobey God.
Every good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of lights with whom there is no variation or shadow due to change.
Count it all joy when you meet trials of various kinds, for you know the testing of your faith produces steadfastness, increasing wisdom.
Let no one say when he is tempted, "I am being tempted by God," for God cannot be tempted with evil and he himself tempts no one. James 1:13
It's OK to question God -- even Jesus questioned the Father -- as long as the question comes from a humble heart surrendering to God's will.
Unless you're married, don't be alone in the car or apartment with the opposite sex--it can lead to uncontrollable temptations we're to flee
There's a beautiful picture painted by God in Song of Solomon that portrays a man loving his wife so much, he'll do anything to see her.
Ladies, stop waiting around for a bachelor and start filling your schedule by discipling other women in need.
Keep your life free from love of money, and be content with what you have, for he has said, "I will never leave you nor forsake you" Heb. 13
Girls, stop checking guys out &amp; guys, stop checking girls out unless you're ready to consider them for a godly marriage. Lust isn't healthy.
For the moment, all discipline seems painful rather than pleasant, but later it yields the peaceful fruit of righteousness. Hebrews 12
Love at first sight is superficial. Real love is an ongoing process based on intellectual and spiritual aspects beyond the physical.
For if we go on sinning deliberately after receiving the knowledge of truth, there no longer remains a sacrifice for sins...Hebrews 10:26
And let us consider how to stir up one another to love, not neglecting to meet together as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another
Christ, having been offered once to bear the sins of many, will appear a second time, not to deal with sin but to save those waiting for him
Christianity does not mean a lot of money, perfect health and constant happiness. But faithfulness to Christ does promise joy and peace.
https://t.co/c64ekQtRJV
Ladies, you are beautiful and don't have to compare yourselves with other women because no one is perfect.
When a relationship isn't going right, don't yell criticism but ask him/her, "Is there anything I can do to help this?"
Community is sacrifice: putting others' needs above our own.
The church is not an event that we attend. It is a community that we engage in.
Let us then with confidence draw near to the throne of grace, that we may receive mercy and find grace to help in time of need.
For we don't have a high priest unable to sympathize with our weaknesses, but one who has been tempted as we are, yet without sin. Hebrews 4
For the word of God is living and active, sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing to the division of soul and spirit, discerning thoughts
Even if people ignore or forget about me, Jesus will never leave or forsake me. I'll do my best to be a good daughter under Jesus' wing.
Even if people shun me because I'm not funny or witty enough, Jesus delights in my company.
Even if people tell me I'm ugly, I know I'm beautiful in Jesus' eyes.
Jesus, You are God and I love you more than anything because you're the one thing I'm sure about. If everything else is lost, you remain.
Today's another chance to love people and glorify God via obedience and surrender. I am weak, but His power is perfected in weakness.
But exhort one another every day, as long as it is called "today," that none of you may be hardened by the deceitfulness of sin. Hebrews 3
God, help me stop worrying about people not responding to me or liking me. Doing so is selfish. All I need is You. Help me serve others.
Because he himself suffered when tempted, Jesus can help us with our temptations as well.
We deserve hell; God offers us the gift of heaven and peace and joy forevermore. That's grace.
"...his Son [Jesus], whom he appointed the heir of all things, through whom also he created the world." Hebrews 1:2 (Jesus is God)
As we receive and rest in the gospel, as of first importance, may our hearts rejoice in God, compelling us into mission.
We need the Holy Spirit's power to rejoice in the gospel. That will cause us to yearn to share it.
"Delight is incomplete until it's expressed." -C.S. Lewis
Information and knowledge about God do not save us. Placing our faith and trust in Christ - surrendering control - is  what saves us.
Healing is found at the cross; hope is found at the empty grave that tells us Jesus is alive and coming back.
How can we doubt God's love when he died for us on the cross to forgive our sins?
"If there is love in your heart and your mind, it will feel like Christmas all the time."
If you wanna work on humility, make a list of everything God has done for you. It'll be so long, it'll turn into an ongoing project.
Pride is a lie and will lead you away from trusting in God, making you think you can do everything on your own with your Savior absent.
Pride tells us that we need to flaunt our accomplishments and be obsessed with pleasing everyone and that life is all about us...ouch.
A way to test if you're dependent on God is to ask: Am I patient?
Happy Birthday, Jesus! Merry CHRISTmas!
Indeed, all who desire to live a godly life in Christ Jesus will be persecuted. 2 Tim. 3:12. But the reward for our endurance is eternal joy
Jesus conquered death.
Jesus faced hunger, homelessness, frustration, anger...he knows our temptations and weaknesses. He has compassion on us. He is sympathetic.
Cast your worries, fears and anxiety on Jesus because he cares for you. He will give you peace in exchange for fear.
RT @TaylorRMarshall: 'He that spares the rod hates his son, but he who loves him takes care to chastise him.' Proverbs 13:24
Jesus does not repay us according to our sins. He took the wrath we deserved when he died on the cross &amp; the Father abandoned Him for a time
God could have left us blind &amp; alone without knowledge of him, but he didn't. He gave us the living word, the Bible, that convicts &amp; guides.
RT @NeilEnslin: "Spending time in God’s Word daily will give you godly wisdom, which will make your way prosperous and give you good succes…
Psalm 119 talks about the importance of God's word. Don't be unarmed. Are you thrilled to have a copy of the Bible? Memorize, meditate on it
Do you pray, read scripture and sing praises because you feel like you have to or because you *want* to?
Remember what Jesus has done for you--from dying on the cross to today's blessings--and this will fuel worship
Take my home, car, iPhone, everything...and give me Jesus
Is Jesus the ticket to get you into heaven or the reason you wanna be there? If Jesus weren't in heaven, would you still want to go there?
Have you ever said a prayer that doesn't consist of asking Jesus for something? Are you content to sit there and be with God just because?
Do you know God or just about him? Do you talk to, listen to and share your happiness and troubles with him?
RT @GarretHall14: Be used by God, not other people #RealizeYourOwnWorth
And the Lord's servant must not be quarrelsome but kind to everyone, able to teach, patiently enduring evil, gently correcting opponents.
So flee youthful passions and pursue righteousness, faith, love and peace, along with those who call on the Lord from a pure heart. 2 Tim. 2
If we endure the hardships of this world, we will reign with God in his eternal kingdom forever.
Ladies: You don't need a man to complete you or give you worth because only Jesus fulfills. https://t.co/Xfnb1y2XHb
Even science says life begins at conception. We are created in the image of God. So to abort is to murder and belittle God's glory.
Men and women need to treat one another as brothers and sisters, not objects to be consumed. We all deserve respect bc God gives us value.
God is the creator, deserving to be adored by his creation; he does not deserve to be just a distinguished character approved by historians.
Repentance is a desire to flee sin &amp; pursue righteousness. Repentance leads us to see sin as disgusting. Are you relying on God's strength?
Jesus does not regret saving you. Scorned by the ones he came to save, he still counts all of us as heirs in his kingdom to come.
Is there nothing on Earth that you desire besides Jesus?
One day, every trial we go through on Earth for Jesus will be worth it because Jesus is preparing a place for us to go to when we die.
We may not see justice right now, but when God comes back to set up his kingdom on Earth, every wrong will be made right.
Trusting God is acknowledging that we will not have all the answers while we're here on this Earth. But He always gives us endurance.
The reward for following Jesus is not riches, good health, a good job or a perfect life. The reward is Jesus alone, who is love and peace.
Humility is not thinking less of yourself -- that type of despair is actually pride -- but it is thinking of yourself less.
God has convicted me that I'm too demanding of people's time and resources. I pray for humility.
Whether you have a view of yourself that is too low or too high, that is rooted in pride because you're focusing on yourself and not Jesus.
God knows even your thoughts. Are those as pure as your actions and words?
Jesus knows you fully and loves you completely.
God gave us a spirit not of fear, but of power and love and self-control. 1 Tim. 1:7
God saved us, not because of our works but because of his own grace, which he gave us in Jesus before the ages began. 2 Tim. 1:9
God has attempted to reach us through his Son Jesus. He wants a relationship; not a religious observance.
Religion is man attempting to reach God with his own power. But that won't ever work, because we don't have what it takes.
Grace is getting what we do not deserve. Mercy is not getting something that we do deserve (such as a speeding ticket).
Prayer is giving control over to God because he is supreme.
Never buy the lie that God isn't good because he doesn't act according to your plans and time table.
Wanna know what you worship? What do you worry about?
You're valuable to God but how valuable is God to you?
When everything is stripped away, we realize how valuable and amazing a relationship with Him is.
Sometimes when our world is turned upside down, God is prying our fingers open to let go of control.
Do you confess your sins to God every day?
But if we have food and clothing, with these we will be content...the love of money is a root of all kinds of evils. 1 Timothy 6:8-10
As for those [elders] who persist in sin, rebuke them in the presence of all [with 2+ witnesses] so that the rest stand in fear. 1 Tim. 5:20
Treat younger men like brothers, older women like mothers, older men like fathers, younger women like sisters, in all purity. 1 Tim. 5:1-2
Let no one despise you for your youth, but set the believers an example in speech, in conduct, in love, in faith, in purity. 1 Tim. 4:12
Church leaders: If someone does not know how to manage his own household/family, how will he care for God's church? 1 Tim. 3:5
RT @GodlyDating101: http://t.co/p6DtuLBwkB
Don't live in isolation. The Bible emphasizes the importance of getting together to encourage one another and worship as a community.
Are you willing to lose friends, jobs and even family in order to gain Christ? Sometimes things have to be let go to escape temptation.
If the guy (spiritual leader) in the relationship isn't willing to share what God is teaching him, he probably isn't ready to lead the lady.
Rule of thumb #2 for the godly couple pre-marriage: don't be alone together in private (such as an apartment) so as to discourage temptation
Rule of thumb #1 for the godly couple before marriage: set physical boundaries to maintain purity and glorify God.
"The aim of our charge is love that issues from a pure heart, good conscience and sincere faith." 1 Timothy 1:5. Cherish purity.
Meekness says it's ok that someone broke something of yours because everything belongs to God anyway. Meekness forgives &amp; puts others first.
It's good for church leaders to have a job other than one at the church so that they can be an example to others, discouraging idleness.
Living by what the Bible says to do gives not only a positive example and influence to unbelievers, but to believers as well.
Remember that whenever you do something, you are representing Jesus if you claim to be a follower of him. Are you making him look good?
"See to it that no one takes you captive by philosophy and empty deceit, according to human tradition and not according to Christ." Col. 2:8
"...all things were created through him and for him" (Colossians 1:16). Because Jesus created all things, he has always existed as God.
Persevere in this life, pressing on toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God in Christ Jesus [eternal bliss]. ~Phil. 3:14~
Everything I once held dear, I count it all as loss because of the surpassing worth of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord. {Philippians 3:8}
When we fearlessly go through trials that test our faith, this is a clear sign to the world of our salvation in God. [Philippians 1:28]
Suffering for the sake of Jesus is a privilege. It sanctifies us and strips us of pride to the point where we realize He is our everything.
To live is Christ (service to the lost and trials that strengthen us); to die is gain (painless bliss in Jesus' presence in Heaven).
Through Paul's imprisonment, he was able to tell others about Christ. Due to this, he rejoiced even in the midst of difficult circumstances.
We do not wrestle with flesh and blood, but against the cosmic powers over this present darkness...therefore take up the whole armor of God.
Obey your parents as long as they don't tell you to sin. For this is one of the 10 commandments and is given us by God for our own good.
Render service with a good will as to the Lord and not to man, knowing whatever good anyone does, this he will receive back from God. Eph. 6
Because the husband is called to be the wife's authority, as Christ is that of the church, it is crucial that the man is a godly example.
Do not get drunk with wine, for that is debauchery, but be filled with the Spirit, addressing one another in psalms and hymns. Eph. 5:18-19
Let there be neither filthiness nor foolish talk nor crude joking, which are out of place, but instead let there be thanksgiving. Eph. 5:4
Take no part in the unfruitful works of darkness, but instead expose them. [Ephesians 5:11]
May you, being rooted in love, have strength to comprehend the love of Christ that surpasses knowledge &amp; be filled with the fullness of God.
Jesus is God. Repent and surrender to His control! One day, every knee will bow to Jesus, the Prince of Peace and Savior from sin.
When we believe in Jesus, we're sealed with the Holy Spirit, who is the guarantee of our inheritance (Heaven). [Ephesians 1:13-14]
Jesus wants to unite us to Him, and to unite believers together to work toward fulfilling the same mission of spreading Christ's love.
And let us not grow weary of doing good, for in due season we will reap, if we do not give up.
If anyone is caught in any transgression, you who are spiritual should restore him in a spirit of gentleness. Bear each other's burdens.
When you're with your boyfriend/girlfriend, do you have boundaries? Are you treating him/her as you'd want your future spouse to be treated?
Each day is a constant battle between fleshly and worldly desires. Choose faithfulness over sexual immorality and love over anger.
Don't desire to go back to worldly values and goals. Make it a point to make everything you do glorifying to God. We are His heirs!
Christ died a cursed death on a tree, so that we could have faith in Him to get us through life and reward us with eternal paradise.
Why do some Christians get more excited about a football game or secular concert than they do about worshiping Jesus?
"My" time, "my" body...they aren't really mine. I surrender them all to God. He is in control, so I have no reason to stress or grumble.
My aim is not to please people, but to please God.
No matter what happens, I have hope that God's good outcome will be my good.
I want a pure devotion to Christ. Whenever my mind diverts from this goal, prayer needs to be my weapon.
Let the one who boasts, boast only in the Lord--his greatness, mercy and never ending blessings.
Each one must give as he has decided in his heart, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver. *2 Cor. 9:7*
Don't place your treasure in, or be anxious about, the future. There is wisdom in knowing the line between planning &amp; living in the present.
No guilt in life, no fear in death: This is the power of Christ in me!
Humility does not mean pretty women trying to believe they are ugly and clever men believing they are fools. Humility is self-forgetfulness.
Godly grief: regret over losing God's approval. Worldly grief: regret over losing people's approval.
Ladies, don't settle for anyone less than a godly warrior who challenges you in your faith. http://t.co/2Q4E7MMUz1
Stop comparing yourself to others. Act on the unique convictions God gave you that only you were meant to fulfill. #youareblessed
Laugh daily. But not at crude jokes or humor that are not to be supported.
For this light momentary affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison. [2 Corinthians 4:17]
If your faith opposes what is being said or done, speak up and don't go along with it! We tend to turn into the thing we pretend to be.
God's glory surpasses all... Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom. [2 Corinthians 3:17]
Jesus, you are my everything. I won't look for my identity or affirmation in men or accomplishments anymore. They leave me unfulfilled.
"Moderation in all things" might work when it comes to choosing what food to eat, but not when it comes to religion or God.
But thanks be to God, who in Christ always leads us in triumphal procession, and through us spreads the fragrance of the knowledge of Him.
Sometimes, when we intend to do God's will but He seems like he's vanished, it's ok to ask why He has forsaken us. But continue to obey Him.
"For as we share abundantly in Christ's sufferings, so through Christ we share abundantly in comfort too" (2 Cor. 1:5).
Pray daily.
Don't make faith the means to a worldly end. Extreme devotion to anything aside from God isn't good.
Our faith is not in vain, thanks to Christ's resurrection that defeated death! Therefore, our hope goes beyond this life, to eternity.
I will remain obedient and rejoice in trials, because God is most glorified in my weaknesses.
Don't pray to a specific object or picture you make up in your mind. Pray God reveals himself as he knows himself to be.
If I have knowledge and money and power and generosity, but no love, then I really have nothing. -1 Cor. 13
The value of prayer is not determined by your success in producing the desired feeling from it. -C.S. Lewis
"...They become much less dependent on emotion and therefore much harder to tempt." -The Screwtape Letters
RT @with_loovee: We live in a world where everyone is so quick to pass judgement on others versus praying for them or loving them
If we're constantly caught up in the busyness of ordinary life, we won't have time to sit down, meditate on scripture and defend our beliefs
"The devil ... the prowde spirite ... cannot endure to be mocked." -Thomas More
Some people either disbelieve in demons' existence or feel an unhealthy interest in them. Both errors are equally pleasing to Satan.
I'd like to share a prayer request. I need for God to always be No. 1 in my life, and not look for my identity in other relationships.
"During temptation, [God] will also provide the way of escape, that you may be able to endure it" (1 Corinthians 10:13)
What is my reward? That preaching I may present the gospel free of charge, so as not to make full use of my right in the gospel -1 Cor. 9:18
http://t.co/jEpmEUu9Kx
True love waits.
A way to find out if you've truly forgiven someone is asking yourself: Have I prayed blessings upon that person?
Never repay evil for evil -- revenge is God's duty, not ours -- but outdo one another in showing honor and mercy. [Romans 12]
@Rinshharming Gorgeous. I also love Hosanna by Hillsong. Great band ❤️ https://t.co/oI7IT4eRWm
What we say means nothing if we don't live by example. Hypocrisy causes God's name to be "blasphemed" (Romans 2:24).
As long as you have love and believe and share the simple message of the gospel of salvation, that's all you need.
@Rinshharming That is very deep! I'm proud of ya. God is revealing awesome truth to you. ❤️
Is prayer for you like a steering wheel or a spare tire?
RT @JoelOsteen: Forgive so you can be free. Don’t let the person who hurt you keep you in prison. Let God settle the score.
@Rinshharming This is beautiful! It's true that in order to reap the character God wants us to have, trials are necessary. Stay strong ❤️
I'm not perfect. God's redeeming me from a judgmental attitude and dirty mouth, saved me from anorexia and is blessing me with perfect love.
Begin to see evangelism as much more than something you do and more of something you are. Genuinely love &amp; serve people expecting no return.
RT @AJesus_Freak: God has a purpose for every single life. http://t.co/IOuYXrpl
If you're never experiencing persecution during your walk with Christ, you're doing something wrong. The world hates Christians. #bebold
I've been saved by #grace. There's nothing I can do that'll make Jesus love me more or less. His glory is perfected in my weakness.
I will not try to justify sin. I realize I'm wrong, and I need a savior. So to God I repent and surrender. Jesus, you are #MyEverything.
"Father, glorify me in your own presence with the glory that I had with you before the world existed." John 17:5. Whoa.  #JesusIsGod
RT @Luminateurpath: @Made_ForJesus @Lovinggod7664 This is a good reminder for us today,  to be bold in our belief in Jesus :)
Some authorities believed in Jesus but kept that a secret, for they loved the glory that comes from man more than that from God. John 12:43
RT @afagerbakke: Israel makes sure the residents of Gaza receive medical care, after #Hamas uses them as human shields http://t.co/eiJwNKxN…
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God...the Word became flesh and dwelt among us. John 1:1,14.
We must love the sinner, but hate the sin; and remember that those without God don't know why the sins they're committing are wrong.
RT @IDFSpokesperson: Minimizing civilian casualties in Gaza is one of our top priorities. Watch this to find out exactly how. http://t.co/Z…
RT @Elimelech_Ring: #SUPPORT #ISRAEL #NOW #MORE #THAN #EVER !!!!!!!! http://t.co/NgG0mgZcOQ
It is more blessed to give than to receive. #whychurch
There is no churchless Christianity in the Bible. We can't fully live out our faith isolated from the body of Christ. #whychurch
"My being in Christ means being with others who are in Christ. This is my identity." #whychurch
As fulfillment of prophecy, the times will get more corrupted. We can prepare by surrounding ourselves with encouraging believers #whychurch
Don't leave a church because someone tests your patience - let God teach you the virtues of patience, perseverance &amp; self-control #whychurch
God loves to use the weak to profound the wise -- let God use you. #whychurch
@RandallBeatley You're right, they only become bad if we allow them to distract us from interacting with the body of Christ, the church.
Church isn't just about you being encouraged, but about encouraging others. #whychurch
Don't switch churches for the reason of finding more children's programs. Church shopping breeds a lack of commitment. #whychurch
Don't look at church as a means of consuming/receiving rather than giving/contributing. #whychurch
Don't let distracting consumerism trump church commitment. #whychurch
There was a day when stores weren't open &amp; sport games weren't held on Sundays. At least worship at a local church if on vacation #whychurch
Consumerism has become the dominant religion of culture. Sports, shopping, vacations all distract us from going to church. #whychurch
Hebrews 10:25 says not to neglect meeting together. It's vital to our spiritual health to encourage one another to love. #whychurch
RT @psychologicaI: Sometimes the bad things that happen in your life puts you directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen…
@AbbyJoM98 Yeah, that makes sense. Unfortunately, there is lots of hypocrisy in church so the church is a mission field too.
@AbbyJoM98 We do sin, but I think the definition of hypocrisy is: living in sin and seeing nothing wrong with it. A believer sees it's wrong
@AbbyJoM98 yes ma'am, exactly! When we go up to someone individually, we can lovingly point them back to Jesus and help them.
@AbbyJoM98 We absolutely cannot judge, you're right. Only God can. There's a difference between judging and rebuking.
@AbbyJoM98 "So watch yourselves. If your brother or sister sins against you, rebuke them. And if they repent, forgive them." Luke 17:3 :)
@AbbyJoM98 "What shall we say, then? Shall we go on sinning so that grace may increase? By no means!" Romans 6:2 :) ❤️
@AbbyJoM98 Certainly. But there's a difference in the people who get drunk every Saturday b/c they can confess on Sunday and justify sin
@AbbyJoM98 Good point. Matthew 7:5. I hope a true believer would recognize the difference between lovingly rebuking and judging.
@AbbyJoM98 If you're a hypocrite, you aren't Christian because you feel guiltless for sinning. As Christians, we feel guilty and repent.
A hypocrite is like a Pharisee from the Bible - an unbeliever who calls himself Christian yet lives like a pagan, because he is one.
We all mess up. But if you're a believer, you repent and don't consistently live in that sin. You're convicted it's wrong.
Don't let a preacher, or anyone, say "we're all hypocrites." Unless you consider yourself an unbeliever, you aren't a hypocrite.
RT @Renzo_Soprano: Appreciate what you have. http://t.co/ysLRiAoMqW
I'm unworthy of God. He owes me nothing, and I owe Him everything; and yet he continues to love and provide for me. #overflowingwithjoy
As I'm trying to pay off my college debt, I'm reminded that Jesus paid my spiritual debt by dying and resurrecting. #ThankYouGod #praise
@PruitjSaved Wonderful, thanks for the inspiration! :) I'm gonna try it
If you were meant to be with that person, you still would be. Love everyone, forgive and let go and trust God to provide!
Don't wish that you could be like the #coolkids. You are the COOLEST in Jesus' eyes if you love and obey him. The heart matters most.
God created me unique so why am I trying so hard to hide myself in the crowd?
End of summer challenge: memorize scripture. Say a Bible verse when I feel like cursing. #peace
Letters to my future husband... Should I start writing some? #yayornay
When you feel alone, remember that God promised he'd never leave. Seek and find Him.
When you don't know what to do, just praise God. I promise you his presence is rewarding.
Jesus. #powerful
Jesus created me for a reason. So even though I have moments where I feel as though I have nothing left to look forward to, I'm wrong.
To Hamas, Israel is the "little Satan" and America is the "big Satan." If Israel is wiped out, we could be next. #support #Israel
RT @watchkeep: .@KendraS37 you did a great job with this story. TY. "Religious institutions a playground for abuse" http://t.co/uIbQxx1cak …
Lord, if it's not Your will, let it slip through my grasp and give me the peace not to worry about it.
RT @LiveMoreLikeHim: I know you're hurting.. And I know it doesn't help when someone says that it's going to be okay, you're in God's hands…
The demons were afraid of him and called him "Holy One of God"; the wind and seas obeyed him. This is my Savior, Jesus.
Bad company corrupts good morals: If people are causing you to sin, don't hang around them much.
"Come to me, all who labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest ... For my yoke is easy and my burden is light" (Matthew 11:28).
"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." -George Santayana
Be nice to everyone because they're all going through a battle and some might even be angels in disguise. #truth
It is good for me that I was afflicted that I might learn your statutes. Your word is better to me than thousands of gold pieces. Ps.119:71
The smallest good act today is the capture of a strategic point from which, a few months later, you'll be able to go on to victories -C.S.L.
The little decisions you and I make every day are of such infinite importance.
RT @AnnetteTrujillo: "@Made_ForJesus: God doesn't move a parked car nor use one going in 10 directions. Find your gift, be an expert... htt…
In the same way, the more cruel you are, the more you will hate; the more you hate, the more cruel you will become. #merechristianity
...including those he couldn't have imagined liking in the beginning. #merechristianity
The Christian, trying to treat everyone kindly, finds himself liking more and more people as he goes on...
The worldly man treats certain people kindly because he likes them. #merechristianity
RT @RichDeMoss: Accountability check: Are you giving in to sin, while no ones around? Shut it down buddy. It's not worth it.
Want to hear "Well done my good &amp; faithful servant" in Heaven? Be faithful to the finish of this journey of life. Focus on eternity. #trust
God doesn't move a parked car nor use one going in 10 directions. Find your gift, be an expert at using it. Take initiative and He'll bless!
RT @Saintly_Life: God never tells us to do anything without giving us the ability to do it. (see Philippians 4:13)
"God said, 'Let us make man in our image, after our likeness'" (Gen 1:26). Us is plural--this is the first biblical mention of the Trinity.
You are not a mistake. You are gifted. You are highly favored. You are loved. You are complex. You are created in His image. Psalm 139:14
Comparison is the thief of joy.
-Theodore Roosevelt
#SonofGod was a well done movie. A reminder of what Jesus did for us. He has stayed influential for more than 2,000 years after he ascended.
Jesus' name is the Name above all names! We needn't give Satan opportunities--decree the Name of Jesus over your fear and insecurities now.
"He had no beauty or majesty to attract us to him, nothing in his appearance that we should desire him" (Isaiah 53:2). #SexyJesus is faulty.
@kassieclay502, it's a devotional by Beth Jones. Really good and convicting. :) http://t.co/EQoiWUObbB
Did you know that not just curse words are wrong, but stuff like "holy crap" is too? Choose words that encourage. http://t.co/LezAjv0cSP
RT @ChristianDRT: It's either fear or faith.
Admonish the idle, encourage the fainthearted, help the weak, be patient with all. Don't repay evil for evil. Rejoice, pray, give thanks.
"Remember: we worked day and night that we might not be a burden to any of you, while we shared with you the gospel of God" (1 Thess. 2:9).
May I never seek to please men, but God alone, who deserves all glory.
Stop blaming God and start taking responsibility. What are we as a church doing to serve a hurting world? #courage #faith #prayer
Forgive and forget. Joseph wasn't rewarded until he forgave (Genesis 37+). God will bless you where you are. #forgiveness #saynotorevenge
Persecution is inevitable; trust is essential
If I were still trying to please men, I would not be a servant of Christ.
I'm engaged to Jesus. "I betrothed you to one husband, to present you as a pure virgin to Christ" 2 Cor. 11:2 The wedding day is the rapture
Worldly grief leads to depression and suicidal thoughts. Godly grief leads to repentance and surrender to God. Are you serving men or God?
RT @ifoundlove234: 👌👌 http://t.co/z7Ea36btH0
If you're dating someone who neither respects your honesty nor wants to initiate conversation about God nor go to church with you, #breakup
RT @JarridWilson: When you date just to date, you’re indirectly telling someone, “I don’t respect you.” http://t.co/D1ioJ6OiAG
For this light momentary affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison. 2 Cor. 4:17
Let all that you do be done in love.
"Death is swallowed up in victory. Be abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that in the Lord, your labor is not in vain." (1 Cor. 15)
Here's to the 2,014th year after Christ came into the world to save us. Make the most of every moment you're blessed with by loving people.
When reviled, we bless; when persecuted, we endure; when slandered, we entreat. 1 Corinthians 4:12-13
Our prayer should not be filled with complaints, but with gratitude. The sacrifice of His son provides us with more than enough.
Trust God to give us all that we need--that's better than what we want. Father, we just want You; you'll take care of everything else.
Unforgiveness is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.
Before a heartache can ever touch my life, it has to go through Your hands.
Even though I keep asking why, 
no matter what, I'll love You.
You promised you'd take care of me, so I'll stop searching for the answers, I'll stop praying for an escape. I'll trust God with where I am.
RT @JohnPiper: The coming of Jesus is more exciting to kids than Santa Claus, IF the adults feel it is and act like it is. I've seen this.
Christmas is all about God coming into the world to offer the free gift of eternal life. Happy Birthday, Jesus. Seal our hearts with love.
RT @GentForChrist: It's sad when kindness is mistaken for flirting.
Submission to godly authority teaches a beautiful humility necessary to experience the fullness of a holy confidence in Christ.
RT @lecrae: You are living out your purpose when you are honoring God, helping others, and maturing in your faith. #clarity
"Approval" is an idol. Don't look for validation in the approval of man, but in the approval of God.
Your boyfriend or husband should be leading by example in such a way that he makes you fall more and more in love with Jesus each day.
"...don't fear anything that's frightening...do not repay evil for evil, but on the contrary, bless, that you may be blessed." 1 Peter 3:6,9
I desire to give mercy, for I have received so much mercy from Jesus, bosses, friends and more. Revenge is not the answer. Love is.
We fear circumstances so much because we fear God so little. -Lecrae
Life isn't about me. It's about others. I'm here to serve. I'm not the author of my story. God is, He's in control. I need to rest in that.
@LeahCadii 2) Remember you can't live life on your own. Embrace and be fulfilled by the help and love of others around you. We love you.
@LeahCadii The best encouragement I have to say is this: 1) love others and somehow you will feel loved back. Seek wisdom. Serve others.
All that matters to God is who we've shared Him with. A nice car, acceptance from the world, money--these are temporary and insignificant.
If you're not going through trials, question if you're really saved. The world will hate us, but God will reward us.
If you're consistently living in sin and don't find anything wrong with it, you haven't surrendered to God.
Refraining from tithing is a form of robbing God (Malachi 3:8).
"My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness." (2 Corinthians 12:9)
Are you planning and controlling your actions or is God? Remember: it's OK to feel weak. Because it is then that God can shine the brightest
"You will make me full of gladness with Your presence" (Acts 2:28). Try singing a worship song. Praising Jesus brings an incomparable joy.
The moment we stop humbling ourselves and stop loving everyone unconditionally, we become hypocritical and apathetic followers of Jesus.
Don't form arguments when evangelizing. You will never get through to a person through pure intellect, but rather, by showing Christ's love.
Abba, Everlasting Father, Jesus ❤️ http://t.co/KTkXwgTPtS
"Naked I came from my mother's womb, and naked shall I return. The Lord gave and the Lord has taken away; blessed be the name of the Lord."
I don't need a boyfriend. I could sell all I have. Because honestly, all I need is Jesus, for only HE can fill the void inside my heart.
"But The Lord is with me as a dread warrior; therefore my persecutors will stumble; they will not overcome me" (Jeremiah 20:11).
Utter what is precious, not what is worthless.
There is nothing you can do that will make God love you more or less. Only by grace have you been saved, and by repenting are you saved.
Don't be afraid to boldly ask people if they know the way to Heaven. If they don't or have a different view, don't be ashamed to share truth
Nobody can make you feel the way God does. No one gives you the joyful, fiery sensation inside like the Holy Spirit does. Incomparable.
Aside from God, is there anything in your life you couldn't let go without being discontent? If so, you have an idol above Jesus. #fixthat
RT @JD_Renemarie_16: "@GODSGIRLY_: 💙 http://t.co/VyyFlGws8w"
Lazarus was resurrected, Joseph became second in command. Only God can turn a test into a testimony and a victim into a victory.
Don't place a period where God has placed a comma. When everything else has failed, get ready, because that is exactly when God steps in.
God does His best work in seemingly hopeless situations.
I was chased off by wolves, to a world of depression. But God set shepherds over me &amp; brought me home! I was lost but now I'm found! Jer. 23
The only way I'd ever want to date a guy is if he seriously strengthens my relationship w/ Jesus. For Lord, we revolve around YOU, our No. 1
@goldgodsgirls My life Bible verse: Philippians 4:8. Whatever is pure, noble, right, pure, praiseworthy, lovely--think about such things.
#ThankYouJesusFor willing to be my Father despite my sinful past. I turn my back on evil and follow you, and you give me hope and peace.
There is no other name by which we must be saved...Jesus. There is power in the name! Jesus has overcome the world. #victory
RT @Innocenceprobs: everyone always freaks out when i tell them i haven't had my first kiss yet. sorry but, i'm waiting for a prince, y'all…
God, let me encounter Your presence. YOU are all I want, all I need. Rid me of selfish feelings and desires, fill me up with Your joy!
All that we've accomplished, God has done for us. :) Isaiah 26:12
"Blessed are those who do no wrong, but walk in His ways! I have stored Your word in my heart, that I might not sin against You." Psalm 119
Renounce the world whatever the cost, the world in its mind and outlook as well as its practice, and deny yourself, to follow Christ.
Repentance means you begin to realize this thing called sin is in you, that you long to get rid of it, and you turn your back on it.
Repentance means you realize you're a guilty, vile sinner in the presence of God, that you're hell-bound.
Matthew 18:15-20. Church discipline needs to be executed as demonstrated in that verse, as Jesus taught. Apathy toward sin isn't loving.
In Christ, if we truly repent, we will be freed from being forced to live in sin. Romans 6:18
Don't get drunk. Ephesians 5:18
Don't divorce unless on the grounds of sexual immorality Matt.19:9 
Don't have sex before marriage Ex. 22:16
The Bible doesn't teach us to be perfect. It teaches us to desire that holiness, and to repent from sin. Don't justify sin with God's grace.
Hell is real, it is a true consequence for unrepentant sinners. Escape that destiny and choose to turn away from sin and follow Jesus's ways
Acts 5 - Ananias and Sapphira were confronted about their sin in the church. We should fear God's punishment for being unrepentant.
If someone sins in the church, he/she should be confronted. If the person refuses to repent, then he/she should be kicked OUT of the church.
Those who are worried about offending others in preaching God's truth don't understand that the road is narrow. Preach the Word anyway #WWJD
Exodus 20:7 warns against taking the Lord's name in vain. Don't say you love God and then carelessly chant "Oh my god." It is disrespectful.
Pastors who have wayward children should quit until their own family is in line with God's word. Lead by example. Titus 1:5-16
Do not be afraid to confront fellow believers in their sin. For in doing so, you are showing Christ's love by trying to bring them back.
Repent, for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand.
Count your blessings, not your problems.
@ThatOneDude06 Life is hard, but not as hard as what Jesus went through on the cross. Live to share that truth. His love conquers all! ❤
There wont be hypocrites in Heaven. Those truly in Christ will be convicted to obey Him, &amp; in Him the chain of sin has been broken #Freedom
Proverbs 16:9 ~ A man plans his way, but The Lord establishes his steps.
Fear not; for the sparrows are remembered before God, and you are of more value than many sparrows. 
Luke 12:7
God is always watching; I will not falter.
God is always victorious; I will not fail.
God's promises are experienced in Jesus Christ.
God is always with me; I will not fear. God is always in control; I will not doubt. God is always good; I will not despair.
#ReasonsToLive has reminded me that we all do have a purpose, and are loved so much by Christ that we're given life to love others. #truejoy
Don't base your belief about Christianity on imperfect people, many of whom are hypocrites. Base it on Jesus, of the Bible. WWJD?
Share God's love and grace through your personal testimony. To see how God changed YOU is the most powerful witness of all. #truth
@CarrieShade people must just be intimidated by your drop-dead beauty, not to mention your pure, selfless heart. Thanks for what you do. &lt;3
RT @FedByTheWord: Anything God ever ...

- did before, He can do now!
- did anywhere, He can do here!
- did for anyone, He can do for you!
…
When you're worried about what you don't have, look back &amp; reminisce about all the blessings God has given you. You already have all u need.
Don't be anxious about money. We came to earth with nothing, and are leaving with nothing too. It's all owned by God. Have faith in Him.
If God answered all the prayers you said last week, what would be different in the world today? God wants to hear from you. #powerinprayer
Be confident in the fact that anything is possible with God. In loving others, living like Him (no revenge, no grudges), we're fulfilled.
Know who you are in Christ. He's your identity. He's our moral compass. He should be who drives our actions. You are a King/Queen in Him!
@ASweetGuy1: If you like something about someone, tell them! Don't be afraid. You just might make their day (:
Even when you feel as though you've hit rock bottom and have seemingly no hope, remember: you are never alone. You are loved. #Jesusishere
Today's another day to learn from our mistakes, knowing that we're not forsaken. Put pride and self-indulgence to death. Give it all to God.
It's not about the color of your skin. It's about your attitude. Whether or not you're in love with God will eventually shine through.
You &amp; I were made to worship God. That involves: giving all glory to HIM. Taking no credit for yourself. Enjoying serving in secret. #humble
Being a Hollywood star is just asking for sin to keep lurking at your door. It's the gateway to inevitable greed, depression and pride.
Jesus wasn't all about being seen by people. He didn't enjoy always being in the limelight. He was humble. He denied temptations for pride.
Following Christ isn't a once-a-week gig. It's a lifestyle. So don't use the excuse "I'm not at church" to justify your sin. Jesus sees all.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in your garage makes you a car.
When you pray, praise Him first. Then, confess your sins. Thank Him for the blessings in your life. End with requests for you/others. #ACTS
Quiet time with God should consist of at least the following: Prayer, Bible Reading, and Worship. The latter can be music or prayer. #praise
Church is for serving and discipling new believers and unbelievers. Quiet time is where you should find fulfillment in Christ the most.
Work hard as working for The Lord, respect all, be quick to forgive, for "They know not what they do." #foundationsoflove
There will be days that give me more than I can take...but God, I know that You always make beauty from my heartache ❤
Just because you've failed in the past doesn't mean God doesn't want to still use you in the future. He'll be there faithfully tomorrow too.
@Blessed_tobless God, I want them to see more of You and less of me!
Everybody has a birthday; join @dosomething's #birthdaymail to help kids in homeless shelters celebrate theirs. http://t.co/EX5iXMwAaI
I'm nothing great on my own, but I trust God will do supernatural miracles through me to reach other people in unbelievable ways. #faith
When someone snaps, "Oh God," I always want to ask, "Are you praying?" #respect
Why do people who claim to be "Christians" say "Oh my god," "Good lord," "Jesus Christ" in the same way they remark "Oh my gosh"? #hypocrisy
"Do not take the name of The Lord in vain" (Exodus 20:7).
"Let no corrupting talk come out of your mouths, but only such as is good for building up, that it may give grace to listeners" (Eph. 4:29)
@priorynutter, yes baby, you are beautiful, and important. Follow your passion, thereby helping others live better and fulfilling ur purpose
@pals_of_prayer amen!! Too many people are so concerned with rebuking the sin, they forget to love the sinner...
Jesus, friend of sinners...open our eyes to the world at the end of our pointed fingers! 👆#love
@metalmmulisha21 @JesusLovinGirl2 Orlando Bloom is a cool actor. And your first names are the same! But I agree, cool name ;D
The key to salvation isn't just believing in the fact that Jesus exists &amp; died/rose. It's admitting you're nothing without Him. #followHim
Anything I put before my God is an idol. Anything I want with all my heart is an idol. Anything I can't stop thinking of is an idol. #God1st
God can use anyone for His greater purpose - don't think of your flaws as setbacks, but rather, opportunities to share Jesus's love/miracles
If there's a road I should walk, help me find it. If I need to be still, give me peace for the moment! Whatever Your will is... #faith
Whoever pursues righteousness and kindness will find life, righteousness and honor. Proverbs 21:21
If you had a friend going through thoughts of them be... — Luke 12:7, Proverbs 31:30, Joshua 1:9, Psalm 139:14, ... http://t.co/BkreOmD2p7
Nobody knows suffering the way that Christ knows suffering.
God, I need you now. I'm standing on a road I didn't plan. Wishing things turned out a different way. Praying I don't go astray... #faith
Take this world and give me Jesus; this is not where I belong. #temporaryhome
It's neat how God sometimes uses frustrating situations as enlightening "Ah-ha" moments!
RT @_YouAreStrong: Hey, you're awesome. http://t.co/PgGWrbgKcP
Don't pedestal any one person (i.e., celebrities, friends, powerful people), but focus on the One who is your reason for existence: Christ.
"Everybody is a genius. But, if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it'll spend its whole life believing that it is stupid."
Hungry I come to You, for I know You satisfy. I am weary but I know Your love restores my life. Jesus, You're all this heart is living for!
I don't want to say a word unless it points the world back to You! #JesusSaves @hawknelson
I was made to love, and be loved by You!
Love is a long-term investment, not a quick-return loan. Love never fails. Love is what you've been through with someone. -Chuck Swindoll
I Erase all offenses. For while we were yet cursing, spitting sinners, Christ died for us. There was never a man Jesus wouldn't talk with.
I Desire for you what is best for you. #authenticlove
I Care when you hurt. When you sigh, I sigh. When you're pressed and irritated, I'm pressed and understand that irritation (sympathy).
I Believe you are valuable - this doesn't mean I accept wrongs, but I see you as a fellow human with an eternal soul God's placed in you.
I love you in that I Accept you just the way you are, WITHOUT conditions.
With love, your anger will turn to pity.
We'll join in singing with all the redeemed: Satan is vanquished, and Jesus is King!
RT @ItsGirllCode: I swear if a guy ever did this😍😍 http://t.co/GuGbxFbfZV
RT @DaughterPastors: Before you say or post something, ask yourself: Would Jesus be okay with it if He was there or saw it?
"@Hisbeautyxo If you're not man enough to lead her closer to Christ, you're not man enough to lead her at all." ❤
RT @SirSorbus: #ThingsIWillTeachMyChild Don't idolize humans. Celebrities are flawed like everyone else.
RT @SirSorbus: #ThingsIWillTeachMyChild Forgive and love everyone. Hate is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.
Love doesn't keep a record of wrongdoing. It doesn't hold grudges. We WILL fail - no one's perfect - but if we keep a record, it isn't love.
Indifference may not be illegal, but it is immoral.

Love is a magnet that draws people to one another - it doesn't separate.
Love is a demonstration, not an inclination; it's something you must show - it is an ACTION.
Love is essential, not optional. Remove it and you have reduced life to a friction-filled series of demands and sterile assignments.
Hate isn't the opposite of love - apathy is.
RT @nthony_1anger: God's not only loving, but just; not only comforting, but terrifying; not only merciful but judgmental. He is holy. #Thi…
I composed this song for the piano. Hoping the sound of music points people to the beautiful Creator of music. http://t.co/ZVr6s0FCrZ
If God opens doors, you can be sure He'll also give you the necessary strength to walk through them successfully. He is faithful! Mark 10:27
John 8:58 "Before Abraham was, I Am." 

Jesus claims He always existed. No "good teacher" or mere human could defy time as such. #JesusisGod
The top thing I look forward to every day is the moment I first see the face of the One who died &amp; rose for me, who I've fallen in love with
If it is worth it to die for Jesus, shouldn't it be worth it to live for Him?
Is Jesus worth us being hated and criticized by the world? Yes. His love, peace, joy, blessings and promises conquer all fear and trials.
Following Jesus will cost you something. The real anger of this world is not against us, but Jesus.
"Blessed are the persecuted" (Matt. 5:10). This isn't persecution because of you, but because of Jesus. Isn't the same as illness/finances.
It is a strong proof of human depravity that men's curses and Christ's blessings should meet on the same persons. -Arthur Pink
http://t.co/ho38jkfs6P

As long as it's out of reverence and respect, God is OK with our coming to Him for answers. Read Matthew 27:46.
@Heissurelyalive http://t.co/JYCLnssbU0

According to the site above, on the contrary, questioning God can be healthy. Recall Job's story.
RT @Hooked_0n_11Six: The only person who is independent of anyone is the Lord. He chooses to care for us and keep the world from falling ap…
@AJesus_Freak: God is greater than:
-temptation
-depression
-suicidal thoughts
-pain
-self harm
- anything you're dealing with right now
RT to show @Depressionx_x that she's beautiful and loved! #GodMadeYouForAPurpose #truth #LiveToEncourage http://t.co/NJ1UecN71V
RT @JaceiD: C.S Lewis speaks the truth! http://t.co/gLIpfVKixj
Sometimes, God hardens hearts and we don't always understand why (Exodus 9); we just have to pray for peace &amp; Him to help us find His will.
Just be yourself, trying your best in everything, obeying God. If His will, the desires of your heart will be granted. He provides always!
C.S. Lewis: Either Jesus was a Liar, a Lunatic or God. 
That He is God was either the greatest blasphemy claimed or greatest truth revealed.
Jesus resurrected Himself from the dead. He is: 100% #God. 100% Man.
Luke 8:28. #JesusisGod http://t.co/I6AwteI9LF
Luke 22:70. #JesusisGod http://t.co/8YnjBXZCco
John 10:30 -- "I and the Father are One."
~The Father, almost everyone acknowledges, is God. Jesus claims they both are the same #JesusisGod
Matthew 28:18 -- "All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me."
~Too powerful for any ordinary mortal human being. #JesusisGod
RT @The_Gospels: Come to me, all you who are weary &amp; burdened, &amp; I will give you rest. -Matthew 11:28
RT @Notebook: Love never fails. http://t.co/MmgAIS9E
He knows my name...He knows my every thought...He sees each tear that falls...And hears me when I call.
When we believe God will provide, will satisfy, will take care of everything for those who love Him--all anxiety should fade away.
RT @living_pure: #AbortionIsMurder http://t.co/JzNCiUaGP3
The condition of your heart determines ur perspective. Only those truthful/pure (not hypocritical) will experience the joy of God's presence
You can't clean ur sinful heart. You can't turn depression around yourself. Only the blood of Jesus can! A pure heart is a supernatural gift
There are no pure hearts on earth unless The Lord has made them so, and none shall see God who haven't been purified by grace.
 -C. Spurgeon
May anything I do or say be out of love, with Jesus in mind.
I choose good over evil: sobriety over drunkenness, encouragement over cussing, using money for the poor vs. only for yourself #beRadical
Would you be willing to sell all you have, distributing it to the poor so as to have treasure in Heaven &amp; follow Jesus as a servant?
Luke 18
Live a truth, abandon worldly desires (fame, wealth, pride) and pursue Jesus, with a life of utter humility and servanthood. #allforhim
RT @FoxNews: Scandals prompt a comparison between the #Nixon &amp; #Obama administrations http://t.co/PjmT93tKwn via @foxnewspolitics @dougmcke…
Sign this petition to speak out against the CEO of Abercrombie &amp; his marketing only to "skinny" ppl: http://t.co/i0ghsfcrln via @dosomething
RT @PureGirlProbs: Never shopping at Abercrombie again #sick http://t.co/IJIWAIk1hY
Part of the joy of following Christ lies in seeing God's loving hand at work in our lives. His blessings are insurmountable and unending!
If I speak with a silver tongue, convince a crowd but don't have love, then
I leave a bitter taste with every word I say. #BeProofOfGodsLove
S/o to my mom who's so far left a legacy of Christ's love; that she shared her faith with me is more important than anything. ❤ #mothersday
If I had no voice/tongue, I would dance for You like the rising sun; When that day comes &amp; I see Your face, I'll shout Your glorious praise!
I know who goes before me; I know who stands behind. The God of angel armies is always by my side :) #fearless
RT @JustTory0: Favorite quote! #repost http://t.co/EVdPKZmszT
RT @JesusGraces: Be grateful for everything you have received in your life. Good and bad it’s all brought you to Jesus!
RT @Scripture_Truth: Consider it pure joy, whenever u face trials of many kinds, because u know that the testing of your faith develops per…
Try to discern what is pleasing to the Lord. Take no part in the unfruitful works of darkness, but instead expose them (Ephesians 5:10-11).
Happiness is temporary but Joy can last forever, even in trials. If you have been saved through faith in Jesus Christ—you have all you need.
