moonbunnychan
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3322827964/eebeaf001a1b8e96bc99abd8e5e41129_400x400.jpeg
@themande https://t.co/ixtjlj04e0   This is SO COOL, you can spin the camera around 360.  Back stage parts are the coolest.
@themande I should pay more attention to Twitter, had no idea you updated it regularly
Dear Weather Channel, I know you really wanted the whole naming winter storms thing to catch on,but it hasn't and it's making you look silly
Why am I torturing myself by looking at all the cool Comic Con exclusive stuff I will never own?
The only thing consistent about Jeremy and I's bowling skills is that we're incredibly inconsistent.
It's Cyndi Lauper's 60th birthday and that makes me feel kinda weird.  She's one of those people that doesn't age in my mind.
Is anybody gonna be getting Animal Crossing New Leaf?
Sometimes I feel life is just one really long animated gif.
Watching American Pickers I wonder if 50 years from now somebody will have a busted laptop I owned sitting on a shelf as a "statement piece"
I've gotten 3 high fives today for my Doctor Hooves shirt.  XD
Well at least this shuttle bus is letting me see things I've never seen before because I'm usually whizzing by it underground.
Track maintenance .  Fml.
Anybody want to be in the roll out for the ability to send money via gmail?  I just need your gmail address.
People I hate: somebody who absolutely insists on using Linux then loudly bitches when clearly designed for Windows things won't run on it.
I'm declaring Monday to be "not a mother"'s day, which I plan on celebrating by sleeping till afternoon and then going bowling.
The first commercial break in this cybermen episode of Doctor Who let me know it was sponsored by irobot,  Oh the irony,
I do so love fried things that ought not be fried.
The guy sitting across from me has a pompadour Jerry curl mullet.  That is like, a triple tier haircut...all classy.
Several people on the are one tear in a fishnet away from having sex on the dancefloor.
It was just decided that I have the disposition of Spike and the yep yep yep upbeatness or Ducky from Land Before Time.
These glowing swords they sell at Medieval Times would have gotten you burned as a witch. I'm calling historical inaccuracy.
Stupid GPS tried to get us to drive through a bunch of trees.
So not only was there a group of ghostbuster cosplayers at the theatre but they'd driven here from Pennsylvania.   That's hardcore.
I like that there's people hardcore enough to be dressed up as ghostbusters to watch ghostbusters on a Monday afternoon.
Screaming internally from hearing somebody call a merekat Pumba.
I think if I had to be a predator I'd want to be a snake since they hug things to death.
Trip to the zoo was slightly delayed by a marathon.
Really History Channel? You've got a show about suburban deer hunting and you're calling it Chasing Tail?  Seriously?
Ni No Kuni, you were 56 hours well spent.
It's nice that Ni No Kuni follows the time honored RPG tradition of final boss with multiple forms, each making less sense then the last.
Why are they called red grapes when they are so clearly purple, and why does this bother me so badly.
All this plant sex in the air is making me feel like crap.
Going bowling every week you'd think we'd get better. Maybe I'm just bitter that the little girl a lane over is getting consecutive strikes.
Oh Cox cable, your radio ads are unintentionaly hilarious without the visual aid that it's spelled with an X.
I have never used a semicolon properly; in my life.
Is it weird that I get really emotional from the Jurassic Park theme?  It's so sweepingly beautiful for a movie about marauding dinosaurs.
LOVE the people who are outraged about it being crowded.  Not sure what they expect when an entire arena is funneling down into one station.
The number of wrestlers with sparkly butts is very high.   I like that.
I think I'm also gonna have the ears on my hoodie on to see myself better on TV lol
@justintrawick I edited clips from an anime to a song in a humorous way for a contest that got shown there lol
@RainbowWar71 I used a Jonas Brothers cover of Poor Unfortunate Souls and Puella Magi Madoka Magica.
@justintrawick I got best comedy in the amv contest.
Jeremy and I will be at Monday Night Raw again tomorrow, so you should tune in and look for us. I'll be the one looking really confused.
Thank you Doctor Who, now I will forevermore think the wifi is trying to kill me.
Every day is a gift.  Be sure to keep your receipts
You are the wind beneath my wings...except that I have arms.
Gonna throw it out there that Simba was raised by two guys...and he grew into such an awesome king he single handedly changed the weather.
I won best comedy at Megacon, which is pretty sweet.  I wonder if they'll mail me a prize or I'm SOL for not picking it up in person.
Goodbye Florida, as always you were a pleasure to be in.
I like how this family at this restaurant is not only letting their kids be loud and awful, but taking pictures and recording it.
The new Test Track is basically Tron The Ride but it's crazy awesome.
I just found out I won an amv award at Megacon but didn't get it since I cut out early to go to Disney.  Oh well.
The new show they have that projects onto the castle in Magic Kingdom?  Amazing! Wreck it Ralph "wrecks" the castle at one point.
I had a blast at Megacon but am now ALL CAPS EXCITED to be going to Disney World.
I can die happy having been part of a Reading Rainbow sing along led by Levar Burton.
Sitting in the room awaiting people I have loved since I was a kid...the entire cast of Star Trek TNG.  OMG OMG OMG.
Its kind of comforting that no matter where you are, nerds are pretty much the same.
I now have all the street pass puzzles complete! Woot!
This Hawaiian mini golf plays Caribbean music.  I wonder if they realize that's a completely different ocean.
The plane has propellers.  OMG.
People I know with a Ps3...they finally updated Scott Pilgrim to play online!
This time tomorrow I should be touching down in Florida!
My internal monologue is mostly exasperated sighs.
Checking my street passes on my 3ds I got somebody from France today.  Neat!
A giant pile of pamphlets about reducing waste seems kind of counter productive.
Doing inventory this morning.  You can just call me The Count.
Watching the live feed of the PS4 announcement...which is depressing since I've only had my ps3 for a little over a year...
I wonder f the president does anything special for himself on presidents day.   I'd demand a cake.
Error 404: Heartfelt sentiment not found.
FYI...if any of you get the new Monopoly with the cat piece and you don't let me play as the cat I will break the board over your head.
I'm sad that life is so full of things that aren't sparkly.
Decided to see what was going on in the Superbowl just in time to see the stadium loose power. Probably my fault for watching without caring
I hope I don't have to endlessly repeat today until I learn some life lesson.  That would suck.
Aw yea, new street pass puzzle on the 3ds!  And just when I was 3 pieces away from total completion.
I feel sort of guilty that PBS keeps thanking viewers like me when I never donate money.
I've somehow started getting endless commercials of the Charmin bears in Spanish on YouTube.  When did I descend into hell?
I can think of no better way to spend time in 36 degrees in the rain then an outdoor outlet mall.
@nessa_sweet You can't exist in our google plus community only in other people's screenshots =p
@nessa_sweet I think most of us are really using Google plus for this lol. I almost never update mine.
@nessa_sweet You gonna join?  And thanks, I've been trying to get ahold of people by whatever contact info I have.
@djinubito So you should be all nostalgic with us here: https://t.co/5NWMwoDm
@nessa_sweet So you should get google plus and join us: https://t.co/LWmWJbea
Oh man...Netflix has an hour long video of a fireplace.  Bless technology.
I think I may have accidentally mass invited people to play a game...if so my apologies.
Do any of you still play Words with Friends?  If so, start up a game with me, I've been wanting to play again.
I think I was ok living in a world that didn't have zombie romance in it.
I don't think I've ever seen a commercial for yogurt that wasn't annoying.
Well I suppose not having to throw up just from lifting my head is an improvement.
Sick...dizzy...nauseous...generally unpleasant.
Downton Abbey starts tonight!  I just wish PBS didn't umbrella it under Masterpiece, makes it hard to DVR. (First world problem, I know)
HEY EVERYBODY, THE EARTH WENT AROUND THE SUN AGAIN!
This is my first post of 2013.
This is my last post of 2012.
@nessa_sweet Judge Frollo has that whole big musical number about how hot and sexy Esmeralda is.
Is there a documentary about making documentaries?  Because I'd be all about that.
@nessa_sweet Palace was like...such an important part of my teenage years.  It's difficult to explain to "normal" folk.
And I'm done wrapping gifts!  Now...to bed to dream of gift bags for next year.
If I'm completely honest, I think I'm looking forward to the Doctor Who Christmas episode more then Christmas.
For such a superb game otherwise,  Quantum Conundrum has an awful ending.  It just sort of...stops.
Alas, my friend is sick so our weekend plans of going to Hershey are dashed.  Curse you microscopic world!
Great gift idea!  Give out bottles of Febreeze that say Febreeze Navidad.  Why is this not an ad campaign?
Santa in the Rudolph movie is kind of an asshole.
I feel like I've lost all concept of time and what people are supposed to be doing when.
The person stocking deodorant at Target smelling so bad it took my breath away is a not so sweet irony.
I wonder if Macy's had to pay anything for the Macy's commercials that played during the Macy's parade.
It actually feels sort of weird sitting at home playing video games knowing half the people I know are at work right now.
I beat Space Channel 5...again.  But on Ps3 this time!  I wonder how many times I'll rebuy this game lol
Dad says all went well with mom's surgery, which is great news.
Well, mom just left for her surgery.   Here's hoping it all goes well.  :)
With the election over we can finally get back to our regularly scheduled facebook programming of badly lit photos of people's dinners.
@Cuinntessential You follow our election! :D  I was really worried for awhile and am kind of ashamed of very near half the country.
Got off work just in time to near Obama's victory speech.  :D
I'll be at work till at least 1am, so I won't be able to really follow the election.  Alas.
I feel that, like a sponge, I absorb a lot, and this is where I come to wring myself out.
My view of the world expressed with punctuation: ?!
Make that I've now had THREE different kids in Minecraft costumes.  Also my stream of kids has picked up. :D
Ha...I just had a kid dressed in a Minecraft costume. XD
Well I think I can confirm my theory that people wander over here from the parade.Trick or treating has been pretty sparse here tonight.  :(
It just dawned on me that Leia is totally a Disney princess now.  Hope she goes to some badass parties at Cinderella castle.
I'm just picturing Zooey Deschanel with her iphone asking Siri if that's a hurricane outside.
Well...my power's out.  That was fast.
I think this is the longest I've had a new pokemon game without having beaten it yet.  Darn you fun real world activities! (and then work)
A name like Sandy just doesnt strike fear into my heart.  And frankenstorm? I'd have gone with horror hurri.
Romney's gonna be in town tomorrow, and all I can really think about is hoping something Daily Show worthy will happen so we'll be on it.
Oh, now that I'm home, my Pokemon black 2 friend code is 378369765783.
Freezing.  It is so much colder here then Florida.  O_o
I bought Mickey shaped snacks to eat on the plane sadly.
Checking out of the hotel sucks,  surrounded by still happy people skipping around in Mickey ears and people just arriving.
The last night at Disney World is always massively depressing.
I'm having a drink called two tipsy ducks in love.  XD
They used my joke in the Monsters Inc Laugh Floor!  XD
The tiny drop on Pirates of the Caribbean caused a tidal wave and we got totally soaked.  O_o
We are a trio of dorks wearing two Doctor Who shirts and a Star Wars shirt.
OK....I admit it.  The little girl behind me absolutely cracking up at this Donald Duck cartoon on the bus kind of melts my heart.
Officially on Disney Property.  Bibbidi Bobbidi Booyah.
This is a magical bus.   I wonder if that means it's fueled by liquified pixie instead of gas.
Florida...we meet again.  Orlando's airport has speed bumps, which is like whoooooa when at the back of the plane.  O_o
Next stop Orlando!
It took 25 minutes to fly to Philadelphia.   It literally took longer to board and taxi to the runway then fly. Now I sit here for 2 hours.
Ran into my old friend Mike at the airport.  Was totally hoping he was my pilot...but alas..
I don't think there's a single gate in Dulles airport more then a few steps from a Starbucks.
Its going to be a great big beautiful tomorrow.  &lt;3
Ugh why can't the next two days just evaporate so I can be on the way to Florida.
Oh October...I'd been anxiously awaiting your arrival to start once again wearing my extensive collection of Halloween underwear.
Every time I clean my fish tank my goldfish must think it's the appocolypse.
Damn you weeping angels!
I have so much vacation time I need to use I'm gonna be not working large chunks of October.
Went into work for no reason tonight because what I was scheduled to do wasn't happening.   -_-
Just bought my plane tickets to Orlando!  Planes stay aloft by pixie dust and me believing really hard in it right?
Being a creature of the night and working till 6 am again.
OK, the new Toy Story short had a bathtub rave.  It was awesome.
Oy, I could have bought Finding Nemo on DVD for as much as it's costing to see.
Workin'overnight again!
Spirit Halloween is like the gypsy of retail.
Its sad how excited I get when there's new music in the overhead at Kohl's.
Endless Caverns advertises no end to the adventure.  I'm thinking that's a lie as it will end at the end.
Forget what I said earlier...found tonight's Doctor Who on YouTube and watching it now.  Boooyah.
I'm not gonna get to watch the new Doctor Who till Monday...no epic spoilers!
I am apparently beaming out sexual energy tonight because now I've had a random stranger come sit in my lap.
Was just hit on by a lesbian.  Sorta flattered.
Somewhat entranced by the two guys who've been one wardrobe malfunction away from having sex on the dancefloor all night.
I'm fairly certain there's more shoes on the floor then on the shelves at the store.  This is gonna be a long night.
Sitting behind what could be the twin of Larry the Cable Guy only somehow more obnoxious.
Keeping it classy by drinking the wine I was too drunk to remember buying last time I hung out with Tom and Wayne in the BG parking lot.
Un-waitlisted and officially have a room for Otakon next year.
The Beach Volleyball final is the US versus the US...wonder which country will take the gold?  Oh the suspense!
I wonder if for a fish being caught and thrown back is the equivalent of being abducted by aliens and all the other fish don't believe him.
Being America, I guess I shouldn't be surprised that we'd draw our battle lines of morality at a fast food place.
Obama's gonna be giving a speech not even 5 minutes from my house tomorrow and I can't go because I have to work.
*going through the mammals in the limelight exhibit* "mom is that a dinosaur?" "Yes"  *facepalm*
Baltimore feels so sad and lonely with all the nerds gone.  Only a few roving bands left.
Adults...doing adult things like throwing paper airplanes out a hotel window.
Adults..
Amv Salad 6 premiere to a completely full room of the biggest video room at Otakon.  It was a huge success!
Was ready to kill the person who brought their baby to Otakon's amv contest who fussed the entire time.
Intense bromance going on between these two incredibly annoying guys who met in line.
They closed pre reg early because of the rain...the wimps.  Very much not looking forward to the line tomorrow.
Hello Baltimore.
*looks at weather for Baltimore tomorrow* "Near record high temperatures."   FFFFFFFFFFFFFFF.
People could at least be a little more descreet about returning things they've obviously worn by not leaving on the dry cleaning tags...
I got to feed a camel!
The announcer said there's nothing more American then a demolition derby...that's probably accurate.  Lets watch stuff smash!
I'm thinking it was no accident to have the stand selling exclusively corn dogs and bacon directly outside of the pig barn at the fair.
Leaving work...get to be back at work in a little under 10 hours.  X_x
No matter how many times I hear the registers rebooting at 4am the noise always startles the hell out of me.
We somehow keep ending up behind this giant group of French tourists who have no idea what's going on and take forever.
Free slurpee day is magic.
Why waste time crafting something witty or insightful yourself when you can just copy paste a song lyric?
Super excited that Mercedes from Glee is performing this year.
So you guys should watch A Capitol 4th on PBS because Jeremy and I are in this sea of humanity.  We're on the Capitol steps.
Yu know it's miserably hot when a whole giant crowd starts cheering a cloud.
You'd think the DC July 4th parade would have a huge star spangled finale...but it's always the Hare Krishnas.
I think the float with people singing Boogie Woogie Buggle Boy with Abe Lincoln is historically confused.
They almost lost the uncle Sam balloon.  I was silently hoping for disaster.
So glad my teacher never made us march in this parade...these marching bands look miserable.
Happy explosion day.
Google is discontinuing igoogle!  Nooooo, please reconsider!  It's so convenient to have it be my home page.
A water pipe exploded and both bathrooms flooded at the store.  Hell hath no fury like people being denied a bathroom.
It is sweltering in this store.  The air is turned down overnight which seems hardly fair since we're in here.
This storm is nuts.  I feel like there's a strobe light outside.
@thelindsayellis Oh man. I passed out there last weekend, forever ruining my "wine makes me feel like a classy drunk" mantra.
My popcorn cost 3 dollars less then the movie
Just barely made the 10 dollar cheaper Otakon pre reg, it cuts off at midnight.  70 is still REALLY expensive though  -_-
I remember almost nothing about yesterday past 3 o clock and vineyard number 5.
Compacting cardboard boxes LIKE A BOSS!
For me it's not the next day till I go to bed, so I faltered a bit when the waitress at Ihop told me good morning.
Why is sea food the only kind of food we specify by point of  origin?  We don't call fruit tree food or vegetables ground food.
Kind of hoping the radioactive fish they're finding off the west coast start looking like Blinky from The Simpsons.
I guess it was inevitable that the day would come that Taco Bell would roll nachos into a tortilla.
I got a 75 dollar American Express card in the mail for hitting 10 years at Kohl's.  Woo! (As long as I don't realize that's 7.50 a year.)
Kind of weird being in this Sheetz ending my day, knowing almost everybody else in here is beginning theirs.
So I realize there's no easy answer, but I think making the postal service both slower and more inconvenient will do more harm then good.
Well...called Amazon and there's a new Kindle on the way...but it's costing me 70 dollars.
It seems my Kindle is broken.  Gonna curl up somewhere and sob.
The How To Train Your Dragon arena show is gonna be at the Verizon Center in July and I'm going to just die if I don't go.  Dragons!!!!
Carnival food is a cruel mistress.
How many funnel cakes is too many funnel cakes?
May the 4th be with you.
Who just got home from work and is putting flamingos out at 1:30 in the morning.  This girl
"I need to return this necklace...I meant to get a cross and accidentally bought a 't'" I had a really hard time not laughing at her today.
I wonder if in 100 or so years people will be romanticizing jeans and t-shirts the way I do to late 1800 to early 1900's clothes.
Well...Final Fantasy 13-2 ends quite litterally with To Be Continued across the screen.  Hm.
The art of video games exhibit at the Smithsonian was a weird combination of nerds frantically snapping photos and kids going nuts.
Just a reminder yo watch Monday Night Raw tonight and try to spot me and Jeremy in the auidience.  (And my I have a sign sign.)
Happy bunny day!  (Although I actually celebrate bunnies daily)
If my life ever reaches the lameness level where my girls night out involves talking about yogurt to make me poop feel free to shoot me.
I know they say that every cloud has a silver lining but I'm not sure that's true of mushroom clouds unless the radiation has a silver glow.
Even though I still don't follow or know much about wrestling, this time next week I'll be at Raw with Jeremy.   I wanna be on TV!
I'm extremely close to being awake for 24 solid hours.  Go me.  o_o
How long do I have to sit on a Cadbury egg before it hatches into a Peep?
Somebody set a small fire in the mulch in front of Kohl's.  Oy.
Watching credits roll on Star Ocean 4...oh God it's 7:30 in the morning.  O_o
I saw a girl wearing a fox tail at Target.  I wish I had more opportunities to tell somebody "I like your tail." outside of conventions.
Maybe it's Maybelline...most likely it's Photoshop.
Outside in the freezing cold watching rockets go up.
BLAST!  I didn't realize till I got home that the McDonalds I went to was giving out the My Little Pony toys from the last promotion.  ;_;
I'd say that book was a real page turner but since I use a Kindle I guess it's more appropriate to say a real button clicker.
Today spectacularly sucked, one of the most awful days I've had in a long time at work.
I loaded gigantic lawn furniture into a convettable.  I hope they made it home without killing anybody.
Just downloaded The Hunger Games to my Kindle.  Better late to the party then never I guess.  It helped my decision that it was only $5.
I must have been under some sort of rock, I had no idea Hunger Games was such a big thing.  I think I'm the only person to have not read it.
Damn Chick Fil A's milkshakes for being so good...I really don't want to give them money because I hate their agendas.
Happy Pi Day!  I plan on celebrating by being irrational.
Time travel engaged.  Zoooom.  Ah, an hour in the future feels so similar to an hour in the past.
@nessa_sweet Too long for twitter. Details on my fb which isn't private.
I'm like 99% sure the person I just talked to on the phone was getting a bj while talking to me about Crocs and I'm sufficiantly creeped out
RT @TOKYOPOP: Happy birthday to one of the classiest ladies we know -- Sailor Moon! The #anime icon debuted 20 years ago today: http://t ...
I'm on that weird edge of not being sure if I'm tired enough to go to bed or not.
Wow, 5am, you snuck up on me, but I guess that happens when you get out of work at 3am.
What's a guilty pleasure movie for you?  A movie you fully acknowledge as terrible but inexplicably enjoy anyway.  One for me?  Space Jam.
I really wish I'd known about the One More Disney Day before I went in October,spending all night the Magic Kingdom would have been AMAZING.
I'm way more excited when Neil DeGrasse Tyson is on The Daily Show then any famous actors or politicians. He's my hero.
Honestly, I just long to someday be photographed on a red carpet wearing something completely insane that people will talk about for days.
While I'm somewhat indifferent to the Oscars I do wish I was important enough to be there.
Wow, the first episode of the new season of BBC's version of Being Human was incredibly wtf.
Getting off work at 5:30 am and get to go back at 6pm.  Good thing sleeping during the day doesn't bother me.
That awkward moment when you walk by the fitting room and realize there's people having sex in there....
I do believe there is a bed in my very near future....and it shall be glorious.
It is ungodly early to be just starting my day and not going to bed now.  I hate you Inventory day.
And another convention is over.  Back to the normal world.  So sad.
Well apparently somebody broke into the pool during the night so things are draining and won't be open for awhile.  -_-
Iiiiits pool time again!!!
Its funny that the amv that won in my catagory was the one I aaaaabsolutely hated. Lol.
That was like....fellowship of the people still up from yesterday.  Turns out waiting for the pool to open was a popular idea.
Pool opens at 5 and we're still up so why not.
Having almost every Beamani machine is awesome, having to pay to play them is total BS Katsucon
Whenever I'm at an amv contest I have to supress the urge to stand up and proclaim "This is mine. I made this."
The air is absolutely crackling with pre convention excitement.
Verizon is dropping the Funimation Channel!  Nooooooooo.
I see love is in the air again....I'd best go get the Febreeze.
I remember when I considered beating Sonic 2 an accomplishment...now I consider it nothing better to do on a Monday night.
My Space Mountain mug has a chip on it.  Looks like I have no choice but to go back to Disney World.
"How long does the one day sale last?"  *facepalm*
Good thing Beauty and the Beast doesn't take place now.  The library scene would be a lot less epic with him just handing her an e-reader.
Time really flies when you're wasting it on the internet.  I said I was gonna go straight to bed when I got off work at 6.  o_o
Dear clouds, please snow enough that I can make a snowman.  I'm off today and can think of no better way I'd rather spend my time.
I normally don't at all mind working overnight but I  feel really drained tonight for some reason.  I think it's because I'm also bored.
I can tell its the super bowl...I don't think there's anybody in the store right now that doesn't work here.
Huzzah I finished Portal 2.  What an awesome game.
I think one of the requirements for being a reality tv star is to have a distinct disconnect from reality.
Despite the fact that I hate everything Chick Fil A both serves and stands for, I really wish I could pick up their free wifi at Kohl's.
@MyselfBetter But but...I love both pickles and cheese...and DO often eat them at midnight.  Oh god.
I love that Taco Bell is going to start serving "1st meal", since I'm most often still awake from the same time period of their "4th meal".
I would watch a video podcast about flags...
@nessa_sweet I can't believe I've been singing it wrong all this time.
I like to think that "We Fell In Love In A Hopeless Place" song popular right now is about two Walmart employees falling in love.
I don't think there would ever be a time or situation that I thought it was delivery and not Digornio.
While there's aspects of the British one I like more, on the whole I think I can say I like Syfy's Being Human much more.
Technically speaking wouldn't ALL galaxies be far far away?  It would still take years and years and years even at lightspeed.
Time to stop writing year of the rabbit on your checks, it's now year of the dragon!
Looking for a new anime to watch, preferably something I can watch on Crunchyroll.
Since it's on Netflix I finally decided to see what the fuss was about and start Downton Abbey...and wow I can see what the fuss was about.
Woot daily shirts are 12 dollars now.  ;_;  (although with the still free shipping, it's still a deal)
I think it's pretty cool when people I know that in no way know each other post the same image meme on the same day.  Small world.
@Namine I have it on my phone...which kind of blows my mind a little.
Some sort of white stuff is falling from the sky.
I even accomplished my goal of "have this game finished before the sun comes up"....barely.
I did it! Finally I beat the last boss in Final Fantasy 13 after hours of trying. Now to sit back and watch the ending.
I'm on the last boss in Final Fantasy 13...and have been for two hours because it keeps kicking my ass.  This is driving me insane.  o_o
Ah...I love how in an RPG even when it feels like the climax of the game you have at least another 5 hours to go.
I've now discovered if stop loading the page as soon as you see the text but before the black page comes up you can still read Wiki. I WIN!
I'm already having Wikipedia withdraw.
@onezumi I died a little when I heard about Avatar land, because I'd still been desperately wishing they'd build the Beastly Kingdom.
There's a documentary on Netflix with Leonard Nemoy talking about dragons.  *geeking  out*
It was 70 degrees two days ago and now it's snowing.  Way to go mother nature.
Staying up till morning playing Final Fantasy is like getting my groove back.
I feel it's my lucky day...paid for a grande latte got a venti one because they ran out of cups.  I should go buy a lottery ticket.
My PSN name is moonbunnychan (shocking, I know).  Add me if it strikes your fancy.
The lotto machines at 7-11 make a little fanfare noise when cashing in winning tickets. How cute, though maybe unessasary for 2 dollar ones.
Most of my friends wrote something deep as their final post of 2011 and I've realized the last thing I said to the world was about vodka.
Spent midnight outside in a hot tub drinking champagne while Tom set off illegal fireworks.
I thought that me and vodka had gone our seperate ways but whipped cream flavored vodka is amazing.
Escaped IKEA just in time...the whole store went offline and they were rebooting everything.
Whenever I work overnight I kind of feel like I've had an extra day off...even though...you know...I still work that day.
I'd thought I'd gotten lucky since the day after Christmas is a Monday and that's my day off...but no...its mandatory.
Finally getting some.me time with the Doctor Who Christmas special
Doctor Who is on and I'm not home to watch it.  Oh woe is me.
Love and joy come to you, and to you your waffle too.
I love that I have not one but two channels I can watch 24 hours of a Yule log on.
I think tomorrow I'm gonna tell people to have a satisfactory secular capitalist winter gift giving occasion.
I think this is the first time ever I didn't start my present wrapping at 3am on Christmas Eve.  In fact I just finished.
I spilled a latte all over myself on my break and had to buy an emergency shirt. Lucky I work somewhere that sells them. But still...  -_-
Non-retail working folks have NO idea how Christmas music can destroy your mind. It's like water torture with cheery little bells.
I'm looking way more forward to the Doctor Who Christmas special on the 25th then the holiday it's self.
It takes all the willpower I can muster to not rearrange the ornaments shaped like letters at work into decidedly unchristmasy things.
How did I ever shop before the internet?
I think the reason I've only bought one Christmas present so far is because I absolutely dread having to pay for them all.
Not sure what about have a nice day caused somebody to fly into self righteous raging about how I shouldn't be afraid to say merry Christmas
The Dark Crystal was on TV followed directly by the original Tron.   There went my evening.
I love when a show knows its been canceled and says "screw it we're gonna do whatever we want".  Like Eureka's animated Christmas special.
I feel like a little kid again standing outside waiting for the Santa fire truck to drive by.
Oh snuggie...how did I ever simultaniously read and keep my arms warm before you.  I'm sorry I used to mercilessly make fun of you.
I really need to break this "Christmas is at the end of the month so I have plenty of time" mentality.
I WAS PROMISED SNOW!
The Christmas music at Kohl's has 4 songs from the N Sync Christmas album.  Gotta keep Christmas classy somehow I suppose.
Goodbye Hershey...you were sweet but I  think I'm gonna explode from all the chocolate products I've consumed.
The chocolate making ride says it's mootritious, so I'm gonna take that to mean I can eat as much as I want.
I had a Caramello samore...I think I may have died and gone.to heaven.
On such a sugar rush I've forgotten I've only slept an hour since yesterday.
Few things are worse then being in a line for a ride behind a loud and trashy family.
The road had turned brown we're in Hershey!
Pennsylvania now welcomes us.  States sure are nice.
Maryland welcomes us.
Setting out for "the sweetest place on earth", Hershey Pennsylvania!
@paralyzdcitizen What in the Muppets made him cry?
All commercials for soap make the claim that they're better then soap.  But if no soap is soap, what IS soap?
Somebody today bought 12,000 dollars worth of Kohl's gift cards.  I about had a stroke.
There's totally people camping in tents in the new Chick Fil A's parking lot waiting for it to open tomorrow.  O_o
I really wish my life would just errupt into musical numbers.  I need 100 people dancing behind us on the way to the car.
The Muppet movie is like pure joy captured on film.  Seeing them again filled a void I didn't realize I had.
It's time to see The Muppets!
Working day 3 in a row of overnight.
I've got my laptop up and running again...I'm rather proud of myself.
Working over night again...although it will be much different from last night lol
If I stay up another 3 hours I'll hit the 24 hour solid mark.  Perhaps I should go for it.  A nap is likely looming on the horizon though.
Oh God it is so good to go home.
I fail to understand people who come shopping on black Friday and get all upset because it's busy.
It's cute how many people are asking me if I get paid more for working crazy hours today.  Answer...no.
If you're ever feeling too optimistic I recomend watching the very sobering documentary Wartorn on HBO.
Success! I slept till 6!
Going to bed right now...I figure I'll be able to sleep till at least 5 although I'm gonna try and go for longer if I can manage it.
Terra Nova finally had it's "what's really going on" reveal and, well, meh. Also whatever happened to that baby dino they saved awhile ago?
I found out via a youtube comment that an amv of mine showed in one of the amv showcase things at Anime USA. How flattering, wish I'd known.
Goodbye Anime USA...you seem to pass faster every year.  I'll miss everybody!
Up late enough that I went to McDonald's for some breakfast.
"Meanwhile while a man chokes a dinosaur is being groped and I just spilled alcohol on my ass"-Ben (had to be here probably)
"I feel like I should be more drunk since I started drinking at noon and haven't stopped since"- Ben
I've had a surprisingly fun day of just wandering around Arlington by myself like some sort of vagtant all day.
Well...it goes without saying that I enjoyed a movie about talking kitties lol.  Puss in Boots gets my stamp of approval.
Seeing Puss in Boots...just because   :p
This hotel has needlessly futuristic doors you just hold your key up to.
Just an fyi to those rooming with me at AUSA that I'm not gonna bring my laptop, due to space and the fact that there's no free wifi.
Damnit all...I was testing the batteries in my light up shirt and it appears to have stopped functioning all together.
I'm working 12am to 2pm black friday lol.  The Wednesday before I get out at midnight.  I may die.
AMV Salad Saturday night at 8:30 in Events B during Anime USA.  Be there or be square! (and come pad my ego).
When I walked into the Sony store they handed me a gift giving guide, because you know I totally look a person who'd give a $1000 plasma tv.
I know I complain about commercials, but then when I watch a show on PBS with no commercials it's like...man...this show is really long.
I bought liquid glitter eye shadow and I feel my life may never be the same.
I feel like the entire season of fall just drops off our collective consciousness radar after Halloween, even if winter is still far off.
I keep thinking of Anime USA as this thing happening in the far off future but it's totally a week from now.  o_o
voting!
Wow...I've never not gotten into Anime Usa's amv contest before.  o_o
I saw a commercial for an Ice Age Christmas special.  How can you have Christmas before there was even an Israel?
So who's ready to do some TIME TRAVEL tonight!
I finally have my ridiculous favorite atari game, Yars Revenge on my phone.  This is cause for celebration!
It's little wonder that by even December 1st carols make me want to rip off heads.
The Christmas music has reared it's ugly head at work
I didn't think it was possible for Glee's plotlines to get more ridiculous but I've been proven very, very wrong tonight.
I feel like the only thing even remotely holding back the torrent of Christmas is Halloween. I'm not ready to drown in Christmas faux cheer.
@aliseknits I can't afford to feed as many kids as I get the good candy.  lol.  I do at least not buy bottom of the barrel candy.
Well...my final count was about 150 trick or treaters here.  My candy supply held with a little left over for me.  Phew.
Delivered an emergency bag of caramel pops to Jeremy from my own personal stash since he ran out of candy...and he'd made 116 treat bags.
I'm running dangerously low on candy.  My count of the kids so far is about 102.  Though I lost count a bit in one of the rushes.
Just had a little girl dressed as princess peach totally freak out that I had a princess peach pumpkin.
I puff with pride that almost everybody says my pumpkins are amazing.  Several take pictures.
What a steady stream of trick or treaters.  I can't close the door lol
Halloween really is the best holiday because it's all fun and candy without being dragged down by that "true meaning of" nonsense.
Not OK that's the first commercial during the Simpson's Halloween special was for a horrible looking CHRISTMAS movie.
Getting off work from working overnight with Christmas decorations going up and the alarm wailing for it's monthly test.  Good morning o_o
I should make a snow-o-lantern.
I'm rarely more sleepy then when I am making the conscious effort to stay awake all night.  No problems at all when I'm NOT trying.
Apparently even nature is trying to push up the start of the Christmas season since it's supposed to snow tonight/tomorrow
I wish there was just some universal standard for naming your files to send to an AMV contest.  I hate having to keep reuploading stuff. &gt;_&lt;
Got the word today that Kohl's is opening up on midnight this year on black Friday.
A distinct disadvantage to being a night owl is that the Fios does it's software updates at this time and I can't watch TV for like an hour.
Just a reminder to anybody planning on going to Anime Usa that the pre-reg is ending October 31st.
I'm torn between the fact that Puss and Boots looks like a pretty awful movie and my love of talking kitties.
@themande It's so foreign a concept to me that you're voluntarily leaving New York, since it's been my lifelong dream to live there. o_o
Bless this hotel for having wifi so I could watch this morning's My Little Pony after everybody else went to.sleep.
Halloween is really THE most entertaining time to go to Busch Gardens
I got to pet a possom! !!!
Being screamed at on Darkastle that "you will never escaaaape" would be a lot more effective if you weren't in sight of the exit sign.
Bei
Monster stomp at Busch Gardens is so cool...it's a shame, knowing what that theater is capable of, that their normal show is so lame.
Getting my pancake on!
I love going through the haunted houses with Lisa since she screams so much they all target HER.  :p
Was feeling slightly guilty about openly drinking while creeping towards the park entrance till I saw the car next to us openly smoking pot.
I rang somebody up today for over 2 thousand dollars.  I honestly don't think I could find 2,000 worth of stuff I'd even want at Kohl's.
Goodbye pink suitcase, you served me most admirably for almost ten years. My constant travel companion, you went almost everywhere I did.
Designing a My Little Pony pumpkin pattern.  ^_^
Making tea using my new Mickey shaped tea ball in my new Figment mug...God I wish I was still at Disney lol
I just slept for 15 hours....I think Disney may have slightly worn me out.  o_o
Ah the real world...where nobody is telling me to have a magical day anymore.
Landed at home.
Well better late then never. Boarding now.
And now nobody knows where the captain is lol.
I feel really bad for these employees because everybody is being incredibly  nasty with them.
This flight should be interesting. The other flight going to Dulles is delayed so everybody's trying to get on mine.
Leaving the magic behind.  Farewell Disney World....I hope we shall meet again soon.
The amount of times I've eatten Mickey's head this week is a little disturbing.
Front row for fantasmic!
I've been using my Disney credit card to pay for everything on this trip, earning more Disney dollars. Its a vicious cycle.
I always wondered who was stupid enough to not figure out a seatbelt...I found one on star tours.
Riding Star Tours for the third time today.  ^_^
Sweet...I'm getting the cowboy side of the great movie ride for the first time ever.
Last day at Disney. ;_;
Goodbye magic kingdom, you were most magical.
Due to the fact that it was so insane busy today they're keeping Magic Kingdom open 2 extra hours.  We have the place almost to ourselves.
"Its like the appocolypse happened and the whole world is together in death" - VAL on small world
The back side of water!
It's completely insane how busy it is here today.   O_o
"The princesses are for the children, not your peverted fantasies."-people behind me
Disney World is like...if pure joy were able to manifest it's self in a physical form.
Two magical days done, two magical days left.
It takes every ounce of my willpower to not just buy absolutely everything in the Japan pavillion at Epcot.
Love rideing next to somebody who's never ridden something. The people next to me on Soarin just kept saying "oh my God this is amazing!"
I want to eat the entire greenhouse on The Land ride. *drool*
Oh God, they have this giant replica Walkman at the hotel, and this little girl walking past pointed at it and said "what is THAT?"  o_o
People take pictures in the most random places.  "Look, us Wither some bushes!"
Thy have the Disney channel on the TVs where we're eating...what a shock.
Landed.  Oh God what a rough and bouncy trip.  o_o
Boarding!  It's finally happening!  Next stop Florida! I'm on Jet Blue flight 337 if anybody cares.
Saw my very recognizable pink suitcase going up the ramp into the plane. Comforting to see.
Well I SAW the body scanners but all they made.me go through was a metal detector. Getting to ride the new train system for the first time!
Working tonight is rough knowing this time tomorrow I'll be in much better surroundings several states away.  o_o
@bogleech I just gave it 5 stars!  Also it's really interesting.  I knew I got a KIndle for a reason.
"Packing" can mean a lot of things...like sitting in a chair trying to beat a highscore on my phone and thinking about what I should pack
Since I'm working tomorrow night till God knows when I'm doing my traditional all night pack-a-thon tonight
It always seems to happen that the last person I have to deal with is returning 3 bags of tagless obviously worn things from 3 years ago.
One of my favorite authors Haruki Murakami is about to have a new book released but the Kindle prices is 15 dollars. Screw THAT. I'll wait.
Been getting almost daily emails from Disney, mostly trying to upgrade or sell me stuff, but it raises the excitement level none the less.
@themande http://t.co/1pzj3TTr Obviously your bank is just a cover for the back alley illegal baseball.
I can't feel much sympathy for athletes who possibly make more in a single year then I may in a lifetime complaining about their salaries.
I can't decide if the ending of Doctor Who was brilliant or face palm worthy  o_o
The Jesus looking Doctor towards the beginning of tonight's episode wasn't exactly subtle lol
No new My Little Pony today....and the new episodes JUST started with the two part season premiere.  ;_;
I put up 1,133 signs in just my section of the store tonight.  I think I leveled a forrest.
I found two 10k pearl rings in a Kohl's bag in the bottom of my closet that must have sat there for years.  Score.
I got an email from Kohl's informing me of the hot new clearance.  I should know, I only spent two all nighters stickering it all.
The 12 dollar pillow I just bought came with a card urging me to register it in case I need to file an insurance claim due to loss or theft.
I don't know why working overnight tonight made me so tired, I didn't get up till 5pm yesterday.
Oh man, last night's What Not To Wear hit a way close to how I like to dress. Lol.
I think now might be a good time to start reminding everyone that I have tons of Google+ invites I can give out.  =p
@themande http://t.co/MpLnlyuz Awww!  That's amazing!
Is it too much to want to just read facebook posts in chronological order? I think at FB they spend all day dreaming up new useless windows.
I think it would be fun to go watch Contagion while periodically sneezing throughout then having a coughing fit during a quiet part.
I wonder if anybody anywhere has ever been swayed by a campaign sign in the median strip.
People were not only clapping at the end of Lion King but also cheering and wooing. Lol.  I guess people just really love this move.
Seeing The Lion King. Hakuna matata!
Trying to stay spoiler free, the ending of yesterday's Doctor Who was GAAAAAAAAAAH nooooo!
Ah 6am, the only time we meet is when I'm up all night. I'd rather work TILL 6 then AT 6 any day.
I also love that Q from Star Trek has essentially crossed over into My Little Pony now.  Same actor voicing a character exactly the same.
The chocolate rain on the My Little Pony premiere HAD to be a nod to it's huge internet audience.
That I Didn't Know I Was Pregnant show is the most terrifying show ever.
Pandora is trying to play Christmas music to me.  NO Pandora...NO!  BAD internet radio!
Is it weird that I'm already thinking about what shirts and stuff I want to wear to Disney World?
I've noticed that everything being sold on an infomercial is a "system"...no matter what it is.
Tonight's Doctor Who made me cry. ;-;
The kabob place I'm at is decorated with Italian chefs and it it's weirding me out.
Somebody should fix the sky's plumbing, it's got a serious leak.
Electrical problem and no lights in the break room...not helping my sleepyness.
Why is Pandora trying to play Black Eyed Peas on my Disney station....I'm confused.
The very first actual phone call I made on my new phone was to Disney.  Hope it's now magical. Cell towers don't dilute pixie dust right?
Oh and nice....Lion King 3d is trending on twitter.  Little kids best be getting out of my way because I can't wait to go see it.
I just got an ad for "the first shopable storybook" where you can buy the stuff they wear.  There's something really disturbing about that.
Disney hotel reserved!
I'm pretty sure I clear way more levels on angry birds out of pure luck than skill.
Just bought my plane tickets for Florida!   ^_^
The people sitting next to me have bought absolutely everything they've come by to sell.  It's been at LEAST 100 dollars.
The vegetarian meal at Medieval Times comes with a fork...I'm from the FUTURE!
I'm at medieval times...I could get used to people calling me m'lady.
Ever find yourself kind of mesmorized by infomercials and watching them way longer then intended.
Just heard from Val, Florida in October is a go!
September needs to hurry up and be done with so Halloween can be here.
Oh my God, the Google goggles app is like something straight out of Star Trek.
@aliseknits Samsung infuse.  Android phone.   Touchscreen gets some getting used to.
Man, I thought my OLD phone was like a handheld computer that happened to sometimes make calls.  My new one blows the old one away.
I wish I was having some wild and crazy birthday but I have no plans whatsoever.  The downside of having most of your friends not live here.
@dblandes  You need gmail, seriously  lol.
In all honesty, all I really want for my birthday is for somebody to go with me to the renaissance fair this year.
Oh man, usually the only time I ever hear the automated good morning associates announcement is when I'm still here from the night before.
What was I thinking when I said I'd go into work today....at 7:30 in the morning.   Gaaaaaaah.  I'll sleep when I get off.
They should just change TLC's channel name to "watch people WAY crazier then you and then feel better about yourself in return."
@dblandes  I go into work at 5:30, working till probably around 1am.  It's putting up signs so we stay till we're done.
New episodes of My Little Pony September 17th. Oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh.
New episode of Doctor Who was like an early birthday present.  It had some faaaaabulous dialogue.   XD
The continuous coverage of the hurricane on weather channel is sponsored by state farm.  Irony noted.
Oh goodness...another aftershock.  Guess where I'm at...Kohl's.
Omg...Rise Above from the Spiderman musical is part of the Kohl's music.
Oh and yes, I felt the rather large aftershock around 1am.  I was at Kohl's .  Again.
It's always a little weird leaving as the morning shift is beginning to arrive. Lol
Thanks to a screw up we're short one printer.  So I'm getting paid to just stay up, float around and do whatever in the store all night.
A thanks to everybody who texted me today to make sure I was all right and Kohl's hadn't collapsed and crushed me in an ironic fashion.
The earthquake was actually strong enough to knock a bunch of stuff onto the floor here at the store.  Our phones are screwed up too.
I'm turning 29 next week and totally just bought myself My Little Pony sheets.
Outlook looks good for a fall visit to Florida.  ^_^
@aliseknits The people who are REALLY into legos are usually a little on the insane side...a hard to put into words kind of insane.
I just heard somebody on the news say that Gadhafi may have fled to Africa.  I don't think he knows where Libya is.
Just got off work and agreed to put in am appearance in daylight hours so returning to work in roughly 7 hours.
I've come to realize that I'm seen less and less in the daylight hours.
I am filling up a survey #ntupsy  (you guys can ignore this tweet, doing a survey for SCIENCE...and also a dollar)
I think people who rip open packages of underwear should be forced to spend hours with a giant box of loose ones trying to repackage them.
Had to leave for work 2 hours early thanks to the charity motorcycle ride closing the road.  Having a boring time inside Target's Starbucks.
Whatever shall I do without Daily Show and Colbert Report for 2 weeks...watch actual news?  *shudder*
@dblandes I gave up on bedtimes a loooong time ago.  lol
Sucks for the people I know working at the Pentagon tomorrow...the commuter bus won't be there tomorrow afternoon thanks to the motorcycles.
Buying the necessary components to put together an outfit of epic sparkley proportions.
How many Spy Kids movies does the world need?  And this new one looks like it comes with a scratch and sniff card to smell the movie.  O_o
@Namine Ya, I have the exact opposite reaction everybody else does when somebody says they're pregnant.
@Namine  I STILL have a hard time wrapping my ahead around the fact that people I grew up with now have their own kids.
@namine It's worse/weirder when you have to buy new baby gifts.
It's nice Words With Friends is on Facebook now...all my friends were playing it on their phones and it isn't on blackberry.
The really nice thing about working after closing is that I can listen to my own music.  Daft Punk is music for being productive.
Putting up 894 signs in just my areas at work tonight.  Sorry forests.  Captain Planet is probably weeping.
I wouldn't say this about really any other Republican, but I could see myself voting for Ron Paul.  He seems so...sane in a sea of insanity.
@dblandes Well, the Leesburg one isn't super and the Sterling one always insane. Plus they claim the Winchester one is cheaper.
@dblandes They ALWAYS go to that Walmart.
@paralyzdcitizen Did you ever play Jammer Lammy?  It's even MORE impossible.
I hate the phrase "taking our country back."  Your country?  I thought we all lived here and were sharing it. I guess sharing is socialist.
I really wish I could just auto filter any and all football related posts from my feeds.
Somebody asked me today what "priced as marked" meant, then argued with me that that somehow meant they were another 60% off.  *facepalm*
I wish more people had open facebook pages. I like seeing what the other Susan Frys of the world are up to and if we have anything in common
Weird Al's Skipper Dan song probably makes no sense to people who've never been to Disney, but if you have, it's hysterical.  XD
Whenever I click "older posts" on facebook today it just keeps sending me to the top of the page.  How odd....also frustrating.
Downside of actually getting a seat on a rush hour train...my face is pretty much right at crotch level of everybody else smashing into me.
I knew I had 10 dollars on my Hard Rock card for it being my birthday month,but I also had 20 other dollars on it. I didn't argue,free meal!
I just heard a kid ask his mom what Kittyhawk was and she said the name of the plane.  FFFFFFFF!!!!
Being at this museum knowing there isn't much of a space program anymore is pretty depressing.  "Look at the amazing stuff we once did!"
Ah, time for one of my favorite pastimes, photo bombing people's vacation photos at the Smithsonian.
To be perfectly honest until just recently I had no idea that individual countries even HAD a credit rating.
Playing mini golf in a simulated jungle was about as humid as one would expect it to be.
Got sprayed point blank right in the face by the squirting  frogs.
Anybody wanna go with me to Medieval Times?  Since it's my birthday month they gave me a buy one get one free coupon.  Anybody?  Please?
Just once I'd like to work a day where everybody who was supposed to work with me actually showed up.  One can dream, I suppose.
I know it makes me somewhat odd, but I've never cared for I Love Lucy.
I really need to stop getting books on my kindle faster then I can read them all. X_x
Capris are super cheap for the end of summer, and I'm so short capris fit me like regular pants.  Win win!
It's tax free weekend here in VA, and everybody is returning and rebuying anything they've bought to not have to pay taxes. Fun times.
I stand for things that should be stood for  i also stand for standards since stand is in the word http://t.co/Q3XB3E7  #istandfor
People who roomed with me at Otakon, we found an LG charger in the room as we were leaving.  I have it if it's yours.
Back to the real world, going to work.
Oh wow, the Full Metal Alchemist movie that Jeff and I watched at Otakon came out in theaters in Japan only 4 weeks ago.
Bye bye Baltimore.
Baltimore feels so lonely without all the nerds everywhere.
Oh Otakon, I look forward to you all year and you fly by so quickly.  Going to miss waking up in a room with 11 other people.
Had epic in room glow stick fight, forts were built.  Glowsticks everywhere.
31,348 people at Otakon this year.
I think it's a rule that aquariums have to play weird spacey music.
My goldfish would be jealous to know I'm lookin' at other fish.
There was probably 500 people watching the Full Metal Alchemist movie, and so it was like "Things are happening on a screen!!! Woooo yea!!!"
That movie was pretty gorgeous remastered.
@currypizza if you're still here the screen is huge and they're doing a q and a first so it hasn't started.  It's in the hd theater.
They also just announced that Last Unicorn is gonna be re released in theaters soon.
Gonna watch Last Unicorn with Peter Beagle in the audience.  Eeee!  Also this screen is as big as my local theater, which is awesome,
I'm feeling remarkably awake for a Sunday morning of a convention. I think I've slept a single digit number combined over 3 days.
Tonight I have 12 people in this hotel room.
A wild Mande has appeared!  Mandee has been successfully caught! @themande
I've eaten way more ice cream then I should because no matter what door you go out of there's at least one ice cream truck.
Got a signed copy of the new graphic novel version of The Last Unicorn!  Mission accomplished.
Ok, I shouldn't be one to judge, but the guy in front of me is playing the taiko drum ds game waiting in line to play the taiko arcade game.
Figures the year I didn't bother to get an amv badge because getting in has never been a problem it would fill to capacity.
It's a real challange stumbling up to breakfast before it ends. Why must morning come so early.
Paid 65 dollars to go to this convention but screw it, Thundercats is on.   Hoooooooo!
Hell ya Sabra giving out free chips and humus!
I feel a little bad that Peter Beagle has written a whole bunch of books but so far there hasn't been a non Last Unicorn related question.
We're in Baltimore!!!
I'm so completely pissed about how short my hair is.  It curled up more over night and is now shorter.  I just wanna cry.
My hair got cut way shorter then I was hoping for. Ah well, c'est la vie.
@themande I approve of your vegetable dish plan!!!!
The My Little Pony facebook announced that Friendship is Magic shirts are finally available, and the demand has now crashed the server.  XD
