mykidsismylife2
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/481338484582776832/G3ssECCa_400x400.jpeg
RT @allTyedup_: Ppl really holla at ppl on social sites , like really make them they gf/bf 😬
@_teenMommie yea lol
@_teenMommie umm lastnight it was a takeover
@_teenMommie jtfo I'm coming in the morning friend
We good 😍 http://t.co/NISdmnzU9L
4:10 goodnight
, If you dont like me you better have a good ass reason
I hate messy females
I really took over her Twitter jtfo
Who wants to be lable as a Baby mama
Sleep no where on my mind
A freaky fun type of relationship
,guess I'll go to sleep
Free dro me Brooklyn gotta go see him
Hello kitty 😍😍 http://t.co/liWKqQq0Aa
, aslong as his hoes don't get outa line with me I'm good ok
, The love gone always be the same
And I'm buckin jtfo frfr
I'll smack a bitch behind tht
That's still my daughter' father
He know I'll go to war behind him even tho ion fuck with him
,so don't fuck with that
,he tell me get em I gotta em
He know IMA always be around to hold him down
, move on leave the past in The past and start a great future
, Sidney felt asleep on me
I gotta get it for me and brook
,😍cant wait to start college
,if thts ya boy then I had him lastnight
Fuck no I can't rise him he a man 
`#'kmichelle can't rise a man
Gotta mind of a lil boy
Dude joce bad frfr
Was gone fuck over you but I aint gone do it 😍😻😹 http://t.co/P5kUmJVqEe
When you look at brook jst know that's all me
She really show love
I really enjoy being the mother of Brooklyn
,my daughter means the world to me
Brook finally went back to sleep
Jtfo let me chill
, he aint gone never learn
, can't Trip that's the life he choose
Like he don't have a daughter
He don't have no chill
Dude jst gone worry about hoes all his life
Leave everything in the past http://t.co/ZG1GBnioRE
RT @femalebook: Handwritten love letters will never go out of style.
RT @femalebook: You're so special to me and I can't even explain why.
RT @femalebook: Don't give another girl more attention than your girlfriend.
Hardest thing in life, letting go of what you thought was real.
You deserve better than someone trying to be good enough.
I won't give my heart to anyone, but if you're brave enough, you can try to steal it.
Kill them with success and bury them with a smile.
Someone loves everything you hate about yourself.
I want you. All of you. Your flaws. Your mistakes. Your imperfections. I want you, and only you.
Let shit go and move on.
That awkward moment when I really don't give a fuck.
Everybody know how to love, but FEW people know how to stay in love with ONE PERSON FOREVER.
sometimes you gotta accept the fact that some things will never be the way they used to be.
People change and things go wrong, but always remember, life goes on.
Sorry, but I don't need any part-time people in my life. Either you're with me, or you're not.
Don't talk to me. I'm not interested in getting hurt again.
Take me as I am, or watch me as I go.
When you fall for personality, everything else about them becomes beautiful.
Good morning
RT @DrakeYMCMB_: Be careful who you trust and tell your problems to.
Smile like you've never cried, fight like you've never lost, love like you've never been hurt, and live like you’ll die tomorrow.
You can't change people, either you accept who they are or start living life without them.
True happiness comes from within yourself, not from someone else. Stop searching, start living.
Never make permanent decisions on temporary feelings.
RT @FutureHendrixx: ✔ Alive ✔ Blessed ✔ Grateful
RT @TedOfficialPage: I’m constantly torn between the ‘be kind to everyone’ and the ‘fuck everyone you owe them nothing’ mentalities.
My problem is I can't stay mad. I always end up forgiving people, even when they don't deserve it.
God is in control of destiny😘What is for me is for me. I accept this &amp; I am deeply humbled.
"@OneTextFromYOU: Instantly smiling when the person you wanted to text you, texts you.
"@MarilynMonroeDC: There’s always that one special person that no matter what they’ve done to you, you still just can’t let them go."
RT @SexualTruth: I really would love a shot of vodka &amp; some head right now.
You never know what you've got until it's gone." But bye bitch your lost not mind
Once I cut you off, I won't try to entertain you. I'm gonna move on like you never existed.
Nail shop before work
A freaky, faithful &amp; fun relationship.
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend. If she doesnt get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers.
I can't help it. You're always on my mind.
Feel alive in your own skin... nothing is sexier than knowing who you are and being ok with you. Love.
Sometimes you have to let go of what's behind you, in order to see what is in front of you.
The way I feel about you, I've never felt with anyone else.
I'm starting to get that "fuck it" attitude about everything..
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on.
I'm not perfect, but I'm always myself.
Don't stress over shit you can't change.
Workflow
Never trust someone who lies to you; never lie to someone who trusts you.
After someone hurts you, you're not the same anymore.
I admit, I really miss how things used to be. But I can also admit, that I've accepted the fact that things have changed.
Nah, I didn't "change"... I just realized some shit.
Grab her hips, and kiss her lips
RT @FutureHendrixx: New week📖 New Goals ✔️ New money 💰
RT @WizardKenny: Focused on self
RT @ReaIRihanna: God has a plan. Trust it, live it, enjoy it
RT @itsQueenRih: Never fuck with someone who's still in love with someone else... 😏
Don't judge me. You can't handle half of what I've dealt with. There's a reason I do the things I do, there's a reason I am who I am.
My babe is my babe. Therefore, Dont touch my babe, hug my babe, talk to my babe, smile at my babe, look at my babe or grab my babe. Got it?
"@ONE_WORLD_ENT: Dream your wildest dreams and
you will live a wild life.
Your success is only limited by
your desire."
"@itsMeekMill: Tell me I can't, then watch me work twice as hard to prove you wrong."
Nobody appreciates a good girl, until she doesn't give a fuck anymore.
If you not tryna do better everyday , you ain't doing shit ...
If I'm loyal to you, don't be out here embarrassing me..
@Nikk_DoubleU thanks hunni
The way I feel about you... I've never felt about anyone else.
When I tell you I love you, I don't say it out of habit. I say it to remind you that you are the best thing that has ever happend to me.
Don't judge me. You can't handle half of what I've dealt with. There's a reason I do the things I do, there's a reason I am who I am.
Just don't lie to me. Ever.
Don't lie to me, I'm not stupid.
Don’t push away the people who truly care about you, because one day, you will push them away, and they won’t come back.
@yallknowjill_ awww sis ily 😘😘
I've seen you at your worst and I still think you're the best.
If we're in a relationship I don't care how many people flirt with YOU, But It's what you say back that really matters.
I wanna write "I miss you" on a rock and throw it at your face so you know how much it hurts to miss you.
What comes easy, won’t always last. What will last, won’t always come easy.
I'm here for you.. Never forget that
Fight for me, and I promise you I will do the same.
I want to be the person you're scared to lose.
I think a lot, but I don't say much.
I do miss you, but you seem just fine without me.
I don't want perfect, I want worth it.
Old enough to know better, young enough to not care.
Chuck e cheese with the kids
Be a lover, not a fighter. But always be willing to fight for what you love.
Don’t let stupid things break your happiness.
You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one.
You can’t always be nice, that’s how people take advantage of you.
Replace the bad memories with good ones.
Be weird.
Be happy.
Be grateful.
Be positive.
Be open minded.
Don’t worry about what others think.
Do whatever makes you happy.
Don’t make promises you don’t wanna keep.
Distance yourself from the bullshit.
Don’t be so quick to believe what you hear because lies spread quicker than the truth.
Don’t give up on something you can’t go a day without thinking about.
Never stop learning, because life never stops teaching.
Don’t live in the past, just learn from it.
It doesn’t matter where you’ve been, what matters is where you’re going.
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change.
People can change so fast.
I love the music that explains exactly how I feel.
If you want to be trusted, be honest. If you want to be honest, be true. If you want be true, be yourself.
My kids mad
why it had to rain
I wonder if chuck cheese open
Kids going to be mad
I don't think I'm going out there in that weather
Good morning
RT @itsMeekMill: Stress is caused by giving a fuck
Don't say it unless you mean it. And if you meant it, be ready to prove it.
Focusing on my priorities.
The older I get, the more I realize what really matters in life.
Loyalty is rare... If you find it, keep it.🙌✅
Never give up. Great things take time.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life."
A real woman can do it on her own, but a real man won't let her.
They don't respect you? Fuck em... keep it moving..
I don't owe anyone any explanations for why I do the shit I do..
I don't need anyone who doesn't need me.
Fuck a circle 🚫, Loyalty never come in shapes.
I distance myself from people for a reason.
I stay to myself most of the time now.
I'll never stop being me, just to please you.
If we don't associate, keep my name out of your mouth.
Being lowkey is so much better.
Roll up your stress , and burn the rest..🔥🙌
Our generation is fucked up when it comes to trust, loyalty, and relationships..
Real friends get treated like family.
https://t.co/JOR8oGQocK
Black history play at my daughter school
God has a plan. Trust it, live it, enjoy it.
Never give up. Great things take time.
Trust A Few, Fuck The Rest✔️
RT @itsMeekMill: Lost respect for a lot of people this year
RT @itsMeekMill: Don't compare me to anyone.
RT @itsMeekMill: All relationships go through hell, Real ones get through it
I distance myself from people for a reason.
Don't let anyone tell you that you don't deserve what you want. Go out there and make it yours.
Seek respect, not attention. It lasts longer.
RT @FutureHendrixx: A year ago I would've never guessed life would be the way it is now.
"@FutureHendrixx: I don't hold grudges. I remember facts."
The only people that should be in your life are the ones that make you smile.
"@KenndrickLamar: Be strong when you are weak, brave when you are scared and humble when you are victorious."
No matter how “busy” a person’s day may be. If they “really care”, they’ll always find time for you.
Nobody deserves to be treated like an option.
Stuck between not caring at all, and caring too much.
I notice everything, but I keep my mouth shut.
Those nights when you just break down, realizing how lonely you are, and that nobody even cares.
I want a relationship where we can be boring as hell around each other and still be completely okay with that.
Many girls want attention, real women want respect.
Limit your time with negative people.
You can't lose what you never had, you can't keep what's not yours, and you can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.
Words may lie, but actions will always tell the truth.
Accept it and move on.
"@JColeDC: Texting is fine, calling is okay. But being with you is the best."
"@JColeDC: Tell me straight up how you really feel."
Fuck a hoe, respect a woman, love a lady.
Never give up. Great things take time.
Don't apologize, and then do it again.
The older I get the less people I trust.
I try not to miss you, I try to let go, but in the end, you're always on my mind.
"@iRealFrankOcean: Crying over a guy? Nah, pick your head up princess. Your tiara is falling."
If you're important to them, they will always find a way to make time for you. No excuses, no lies and no broken promises.
Take the time to appreciate what you have.
Everyone makes mistakes, but admit your own before you point out someone else's.
Don’t look for a man to solve your problems, find a man that won’t let you go through them alone.
I MISS YOU. A little too much, a little too often, and a little more every day.
Even if I had a million reasons to leave, I would still look for one to stay.
R.I.P. to everyone who fucked me over, played me, tried me or lied to me, because you're all dead to me.
Just because a person smiles all the time, that doesn't mean their life is perfect. That smile is a symbol of hope &amp; strength.
Being called baby is just a good fucking feeling..
I hate getting flashbacks of things I don't wanna remember.
I don't care if we talk about absolutely nothing ...I just want to talk to you.
Good people go through the most bullshit.
I don't like being led on, lied to, confused, none of those. Just tell me how it is from the beginning.
"@itsTyga_YMCMB: Honestly, I don't have time to hate people who hate me cause I'm too busy loving people who love me."
Don’t rush anything. When the time is right, it’ll happen.
A good relationship is with someone who knows all your insecurities and imperfections but still loves you for who you are.
When I'm alone, i think of so many things to say to you, when I have a chance to tell you. I go speechless.
One day you'll realize how much I cared.
I miss being a little kid with no stress, worries, or care in the world.
Instead of focusing on your negatives and calling them bad times, call them Experiences.
That guy that makes you feel special that puts a smile on your face when you get a text from him, the one who doesn't let others hurt you.
Thank God For Yesterday &amp; Today, Pray For A Better Tomorrow.
Jealousy means I actually give a fuck about you.
Shes a little scared to get close to anyone because everyone that said "ill always be here for you" left.
Never lie to someone that trusts you. Never trust someone that lied to you.
Good Morning thank God for blessing me.
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through.
sometimes I will just get annoyed with people randomly.. like I don’t even have a real reason but their presence just bothers me
Claim your girl, love your girl, fuck your girl, spoil your girl, be faithful to your girl, trust your girl &amp; she will stay your girl.
Stress is caused by giving a fuck.
Just be real with me, because that’s what’s going to keep you around.
One day someone will be 100% honest with you, and will love you forever, so don't give up trying to find them, they're looking for you too.
Flaws? Imperfections? Fuck it all, I love you anyways.
I can't stop thinking about you..
Cuddling in bed and falling asleep together is probably the best feeling in a relationship.
A "wifey type" has nothing to do with rolling blunts/cooking.. It's more like a woman that takes care of you, loves you &amp; stands by ur side.
Do I miss you? Yes. Do I want you back? Hell no.
When I'm single, I flirt. When I'm taken, I'm too loyal. Simple.
Relationships where you can just chill at each other's house, make each other laugh, cuddle, take pics, &amp; tell each other everything.
The little things mean the most.
As soon as I wake up, I check my phone, hoping there's a message from you.
When we first met, I had no idea you’d become this important to me.
When someone likes you... they'll text you a lot, stay up every night with you, compliment you, and always have time for you.
Sometimes I just feel like I wanna sleep and just forget about all my problems.
Life is for living, not stressing.
Loyalty is rare... If you find it, keep it.
Care too little .. You'll lose them. Care too much .. you'll get hurt.
One day, it was perfect. The next day, it was over.
I can be myself with you &amp; that's perfect to me.
Don't be surprised when I walk away, I won't deal with your bullshit forever.
Good people go through the most bullshit.
Apology accepted, trust denied..
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time makes you appreciate what you had.
I pay attention to the little shit..
Early morning grocery shopping
RT @moomoo_gucci: Thanking god for another blessed day.
"@KattWilliams: Bitches be like "f*ck that nigga, he ain't shit" then they end up f*cking him for real."
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your flaws, mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.
Sex and weed are the best stress relievers.
The one who is meant for you, encourages you to be your best but still loves and accepts you at your worst.
"@DrakeNYC: Relationships start with "Can we talk?" and end with "We need to talk.""
God is love.
All I need is someone who can stay no matter how hard it is to be with me.
Don't talk, just act. Don't say, just show. Don't promise, just prove.
Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because its hard to find someone who understands.
My last relationship taught me a lot.
Cheating is a choice, not a mistake.
Don't lose yourself trying to love someone...
Don't beg for anyone to stay in your life. If they want to be a part of it, they'll stay.
Does it bother me? Yes. Will I ever tell you? No.
I’m just thankful for the people that never left.
I miss you, but fuck you.
I'm not perfect. I'll annoy you, tick you off but put all that aside, You'll never find someone who cares and loves you more than me.
When you know why you like someone, it's a crush. When you have no reason or explanation, it's love.
When you have a good heart: You help too much. You trust too much. You give too much. You love too much &amp; it always seems you hurt the most
Something I learned about people...If they do it once, they'll do it again.
No one will ever care like I did, I promise you that.
Everything happens for a reason.
The worst feeling ever is not knowing whether you should wait or give up.
Once you lose someone, it's never exactly the same person who comes back.
If you fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, and flirt like first loves, you're meant to be.
I just need a day off from reality, just a day without people, problems, and all the bullshit that runs through my mind.
Don't take your relationship for granted, for someone somewhere out there will be glad to take your place.
If a girl leans toward you, kiss her. If her hand is free, hold it. If she's upset, hug her until she is okay.
If they took you for granted, let them go. Walk away and find someone better, someone you deserve, someone who treats you right.
Don't waste your time on revenge. Those who hurt you will eventually face their own karma.
You're not ready for your next if you're still replying to your ex.
No calls? I understand. No text? I understand. But when you see me with someone else... please understand
My past is my past, it made me who I am, I have no regrets, wouldn't change a thing. I just don't live there anymore.
My feelings for you will never go away.
Problems, friends, fakes, love, dating, breakups, responsibility, drama, heartache, failures, stress, happiness... It's life.
I know everything happens for a reason. But sometimes I wish I knew what that reason was.
Don`t look back when you know you shouldn`t.
I need to stop overthinking.
You don't understand and I can't explain.
Love is like war... easy to start... difficult to end... and impossible to forget.
I love my mom no matter what goes through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, at the end, she'll always gonna be there.
The past is behind, Learn from it. The future is ahead, Prepare for it. The present is here, Live it.
A true relationship is having someone who accepts your past, supports your present, loves you and encourages your future.
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your flaws, mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.
No matter how "busy" a person is, if they care they will always find time for you.
I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you.
When you have a good heart: You help too much. You trust too much. You give too much. You love too much &amp; it always seems you hurt the most
Family is everything. Tu and king my world my kids
Relationships end too soon because people stop putting the same effort to keep you as they did to win you.
When you fall in love with someone's personality, everything about that person tends to become beautiful.
Love is beautiful. When respected
Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because its hard to find someone who understands.
I don’t really know where I stand in people’s lives... one minute they treat me like I’m someone special, then nothing the next.
I don't have trust issues, I just know better.
We used to stay up late talking for hours, look at us now, what happened.
I think a lot, but I don't say much.
Sleeping next to someone you love not only reduces depression, but it helps you live longer, and makes you fall asleep faster.
RT @iQuoteTeenLifee: Telling someone who's depressed to "Just get over it" is like telling a blind person to "Just look harder"
I don't want much.. Just your hugs, kisses and you.
When a female is used to getting hurt, she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her, so she ends up pushing him away.
I hate sundays because monday.#schooltomorrow
Shout out to @COLUMBIABT, music nice
Fuck everyone who said they were there for me, and then left.
It doesn't matter where you've been, what matters is where you're going.
Be smart enough to hold on, be brave enough to let go.
Every girl deserves a guy who can make her smile even when she doesn't want to.
I pretend to ignore you, but I really just miss you.
Silence is better than bullshit.
Don't judge someone's choices without first knowing their reasons.
It sucks when you realize you rejected other people for that one person who wasted your time.
I will respect those who respect me and forget those who forget me and those who hurt me, just let karma do the job.
I'm at that point where I don't even care if people like me anymore. If you like me, cool. If you don't, okay.
When a girl cries, it's not usually over one thing. It's built up anger and emotions that she's been holding in for too long.
Before you talk, listen. 👂
Before you react, think. 👤
Before you criticize, wait. ✋ 
Before you quit, try. 👍
Right person, wrong time. I hate that.
I was born to make mistakes, not to fake perfection.
Know your limits. Please learn how to respect people.
Don’t push away the people who truly care about you, because one day, you will push them away, and they won’t come back.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
If I open up to you, then you're probably special.
God gives his toughest battles to his toughest soldiers.
I'm old enough to know better, but young enough to not give a fuck. 👌😏
Sometimes all you need, is someone who can make you smile."
I'm sorry I mistook all our laughs, long nights, sweet texts and inside jokes as you caring. I'll think twice before wasting my time again.
I didn't expect to get this attached to you.
I see you with my heart, not with my eyes.
They don't respect you? Fuck em.. keep it moving.
You don't miss me, you miss my attention.. there's a big difference.
The past is behind, learn from it. The future is ahead, prepare for it. The present is here, live it.
I fell in love with your personality, your looks are just a bonus
"@MarilynMonroeDC: I will never say "I love you" unless I mean it 100%."
You meet thousands of people, and none of them really mean anything to you. And then you meet one person, and your life is changed forever
You meet thousands of people, and none of them really mean anything to you. And then you meet one person, and your life is changed forever.
You know someone means a lot to you when their mood affects yours.
It's unbelievable how fast people can change. One day, you mean everything. The next day, you dont exist anymore.
I get jealous. Don't touch, talk to, or flirt with what's mine.
One day, it was perfect. The next day, it was over.
Care too little .. You'll lose them. Care too much .. you'll get hurt.
A real relationship. Has fights. Has trust. Has faith. Has tears. Has hurt. Has laughter. Has weird, stupid, unnecessary arguments.
As long as the vibe is right, and the energy is amazing... Anything is possible.
You need to have a bad day once in a while, otherwise, you'll never know how to appreciate a good one.
Stay strong, make them wonder how you're still smiling.
Sometimes I regret being nice, apologizing when I didn't do anything wrong, and for making unworthy people a priority in my life.
I miss you. No, let me correct that, I miss the old you. I miss the old you that cared about me..
I don't want to care anymore, someone show me how.
Short girls are the best girls.
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face. It's about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
Be careful who you give your heart to. Because when you give your heart to someone, you also give the person the power to hurt you.
Sometimes I push you away, because i need you to pull me closer.
I'm glad I met you, I hope you know that.
When someone likes you... they'll text you a lot, stay up every night with you, compliment you, and always have time for you.
Sometimes I just feel like I wanna sleep and just forget about all my problems.
Loyalty is rare... If you find it, keep it.
One day, it was perfect. The next day, it was over.
I can be myself with you &amp; that's perfect to me.
Don't be surprised when I walk away, I won't deal with your bullshit forever.
Jealousy = I actually care about you.
Good people go through the most bullshit.
"@JColeDC: Apology accepted, trust denied.."
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time makes you appreciate what you had.
At the end of the day, it's always you.
I'm not perfect but I'll do my best for you.
You're all I ever wanted.
My babe is my babe. Therefore, don't touch my babe, hug my babe, talk to my babe, smile at my babe, look at my babe or grab my babe.Got it?
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.
#Faith is having a positive attitude about what you can do and not worrying at all about what you can't do.
A year ago, I would've never guessed my life would be the way it is now.
A real man can't stand seeing his woman hurt. He is careful with his decisions and actions so he never have to be responsible for her pain."
Stay strong, make them wonder how you're still smiling."
People get fake when shit gets real."
Even if I spend the whole day with you, I miss you the second you leave."
I love you, but I hate you. I miss you, but I'm better off without you. I want you out of my life, but I never want to let you go."
I actually thought you were different."
I still have feelings for you &amp; no matter how many times I tell myself that I'm better off without you, a part of me just won't let go."
You'll never understand until it happens to you."
Eventually we learn to define happiness for ourselves, on our own terms, in spite of the pain other people have caused us."
She's the type of girl that can be so hurt but can still look at you &amp; smile."
"@itsMeekMill: True friends don't count favors."
It's just getting more and more evident every day that I need less and less people in my life. But thank God for the people that I have."
If you got somebody who will ride through thick &amp; thin and hold it down for you, don't ever play them. You'll end up playing yourself."
"@itsMeekMill: Trust no one, fear nothing, and have no regrets."
You're my baby, my headache, my love, my smile, my frown, my wrong, my right, my pain, my happiness, my everything. You're MINE."
I get sad. I get insecure. I get jealous. I get lonely. I overreact. I make mistakes. But I promise I will always give you my best."
The worst feeling is pretending you don't care about something, when really it's all you seem to think about."
Imagine having someone who only wanted you and didn't flirt with anyone else and didn't make it uncertain whether they like you or not."
Sometimes, having some space is what you need to realize what you really want."
I say I don't care. I say I don't miss you. But I know I'm lying and I really do love you."
Girls find out Everything. I advise you not to lie to them."
Hardest thing in life, letting go of what you thought was real."
Real men stay dedicated to one girl."
If I'm with you, I'm with you. Nobody else matters."
I'm over-protective of what's mine."
Don't judge me, you only see what I choose to show you."
I love sleep. You forget about pain, problems, stress, everything for a while."
You never know what you got til it's gone &amp; moved on, appreciated by someone else..."
Even if we fight a lot, I still want you in my life."
Do you ever wish that you could just un-meet someone?"
I don't hate you. I'm just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be."
Missing someone &amp; not being able to see them is the worst feeling ever."
I'm tired of getting lied to, tired of being used, tired of fake people, tired of pleasing people, tired of judgmental people. Just tired."
Sometimes all you need, is someone who can make you smile."
Don't apologize and then do it again."
Stay strong, make them wonder how you're still smiling."
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have."
Being someone's first may be great, but being someone's last is perfect."
If I don't show it, it doesn't mean I don't feel it."
Don't push away the people who truly care about you, because one day, you will push them away, and they won't come back."
Why stress over something you can't change."
A good relationship can make you stronger. A bad relationship should make you wiser for next time."
Most relationships fail because you both are too busy pointing out each other's mistakes and not spending enough time loving one another."
Life goes on...... with or without you."
You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours."
Everything is going to be alright, maybe not today, but eventually."
Work hard, stay positive, and good things will happen."
I miss you... I don't know what else there is to say."
You can't honestly tell me this is what you want."
Don't waste your time stressing about things you can't change."
I see you with my heart, not with my eyes."
I'm sorry I mistook all our laughs, long nights, sweet texts and inside jokes as you caring. I'll think twice before wasting my time again."
The past is behind, learn from it. The future is ahead, prepare for it. The present is here, live it."
I cut people off quick... idgaf! ✂"
I will never say "I love you" unless I mean it 100%."
No matter how many times a girl denies it, she will always remember every detail, moment and piece of the memories you've left her."
She wants to be your girl.. not one of your girls."
Be mine, my babe, my headache, my love, my smile, my frown, my wrong, my right, my sweetheart, my pain, my happiness, my everything."
If I'm talking to you, I'm only talking to YOU. No backup, no sidekick, no "just in case". I can't focus on more than one person at a time.
I hate when people only act nice when they want something, i'd respect it more if they kept being themselves."
Music is my painkiller.."
I'm really hoping something good happens between us."
This time, last year, everything was so different."
You never fall in love the same way twice."
Many females will keep their feelings bottled up inside cause they're tired of pouring their hearts out to the wrong guy."
Stay strong, make them wonder how you're still smiling."
You can't keep someone that doesn't want to be kept."
I'm sensitive, I over think every little thing, and I care way too much."
You mean more to me than you’ll ever know."
Sleeping is so hard when you can't stop thinking."
Worry less, smile more."
Neck kisses are a big turn-on."
✔ keeping to myself ✔ staying blessed ✔ not giving a fuck ✔ Ignoring negativity ✔ living my life."
Sometimes, the only reason why you won't let go of what's making you sad is because it was the only thing that made you happy."
It's like half of me really wants to be with you, and the other half just wants to be over you.."
I miss you, but I'm trying not to care anymore.."
You can't treat people like shit and then just expect them to forgive you."
Overprotective parents raise the best liars."
No calls? I understand. No text? I understand. But when you see me with someone else, please understand."
When people walk out of your life, let them. You might miss them, but remember that you're not the one that gave up."
Care less and you'll stress less."
A year ago, I would've never guessed my life would be the way it is now."
They don't respect you? Fuck em... keep it moving.."
People change. Love hurts. Friends leave. Things go wrong. But just remember, life goes on."
Don't cry over someone who won't cry over you."
I don't want perfect, I want honest."
I automatically smile when i see you.."
Life becomes so much better when you decide not to care. Just live for the moment and don't let the drama bring you down."
I wish you would tell me you miss me."
Don't ask God to make your life easier, but ask Him to make you stronger."
I'm at the point in my life where you're either there for me or you aren't. And if you aren't ✌👋"
I want to make you happier than you've ever been."
Show me that I'm your everything &amp; i'll make you the happiest man on earth."
Some days I just need some extra motivation, today is one of those days."
Dying to know, but being afraid to find out ."
Pain makes people change."
When guys lie, they say they love you. When girls lie, they say they don't."
Every girl has her bestfriend, boyfriend, and true love. But you’re really lucky if they’re all the same person. ♥"
It's amazing how stupid you can be when you're in love."
Don't change who you are for anyone."
Treat her like a queen and she'll treat you like a king. Treat her like a game and she'll show you how its played."
She cared, you didn't. She cried, you laughed. She was hurt, you smiled. She moved on, you realized what you had. Too Late. A REAL WOMAN!"
Forget shit and move on."
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours."
I just want to grab your hand and be like, you're mine."
It's bad manners to say "I love you" with a mouth full of lies."
I don't know where I stand with you. And I don't know what I mean to you. All I know is every time I think of you, I want to be with you."
Here's to the things left unsaid and thoughts unexpressed."
Sometimes, overthinking is what kills you."
Memories of you and I keep me up at night."
What's more painful than goodbyes? Goodbyes without any reason."
I remember when we used to talk everyday. i miss that."
In relationships: 1) Don't lie. 2) Don't cheat. 3) Don't make promises you can't keep."
Sometimes no words can describe how someone makes you feel."
Deep late night conversations &gt;&gt;&gt;"
I like long text messages because I appreciate a complete thought."
Don't cry over someone who won't cry over you."
I've seen you at your worst and I still think you're the best."
Be mine, my babe, my headache, my love, my smile, my frown, my wrong, my right, my sweetheart, my pain, my happiness, my everything."
Hug her from behind. Girls love that."
I hate when people bring up old shit."
Only ride with the people you walked with. Only eat with the people you starved with."
The only reason why people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the only things that don't change, even when people do."
I'm all yours, if you're all mine.."
I'm a good enough person to forgive you, but not stupid enough to trust you again.."
I'll ride with you through bullshit, just don't bullshit me."
Calling her "Baby" will make her melt every time. Promise."
I don't want much.. Just your hugs, kisses and you."
It's unbelievable how fast people can change. One day, you mean everything. The next day, you dont exist anymore."
I acted like it wasn't a big deal, when really it was breaking my heart."
We don't talk anymore, and the saddest part is, we used to talk everyday."
I get jealous. Don't touch, talk to, or flirt with what's mine."
RT @DrakeNYC: If you ignore me, I'll ignore you. If you don't put in the effort, why should I?
RT @KenndrickLamar: I want to kiss you really, really bad.
RT @KenndrickLamar: I'm not perfect. I'll annoy you, tick you off but put all that aside, You'll never find someone who cares and loves you…
RT @missjillscott: Always believe in yourself. Always believe there is a path. Hum, sing, dance on your way. Be thankful for the rough patc…
@yallknowjill_ ♡♡
RT @JColeDC: It's funny how you can tell someone likes someone else, but you can't tell when someone likes you.
RT @JColeDC: Relationships are harder nowadays because conversations become texting, arguments become phone calls, and feelings become stat…
Summer time getting my body rite
Gym flow
Homework flow
Bored
On the walking trail trying to get my body right #walking3miles
Its the little things that count....
Thanking God for waking me &amp; the family up this morning #blessed #lovinglife
RT @ReaIRihanna: I pay attention to the little shit..
Jam to these beats early
Set fire to the rain #favsong
Lose to win
Trust and believe
Feeling some type of way :/
Don't fuck with someone's feelings, just because you're unsure of your own."
"@itsTyga_YMCMB: Life will move on, even if your heart doesn't.."
RT @DrakeYMCMB_: Negative people bring negative thoughts. Free yourself from negative vibes. You will thank yourself later on.
@ms_trell504 aww to kute hey tt babies ♥♥
Hungry waiting patiently
Me time
Getting me something to eat #philly's steakhouse
Happy Sunday
