mzgorgeous2
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/514666564444897280/Te6_WPLc_400x400.png
RT @philofaxy: Web Finds - 23 September 2014:  http://t.co/Jb9IFXXiOv #filofax
RT @nofussacctng: ↠ Lyrics ↞ http://t.co/pnUmZwQopv
I favorited a YouTube video -- Cruella De Vil Costume Make-Up http://bit.ly/7I3I8
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- me singing eternal flame by atomic kitten http://bit.ly/2wjr4t
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- How to:  Discount on Professional makeup products http://bit.ly/FHJBn
holler to all! hope ur night is well as I am chilling here in Glendale, this weather is so unpredictable brrr-can't stand heater!
anyho just shared that with you all-embrace your friend for u don't know when you'll see em again. That said goodnight to all of u! I'm out!
but we dare not put one down. That is friendship u all-love em like they ur blood 4 blood is thicker than water. Now I miss some of em cont.
To this day we still call each other every Saturday to catch up on things, 14 conference call that is-We know each & everyones issues cont.
Friends are our lifeline-you have to be careful how you pick em for some will betray you but once you find a good friend dont ever let it go
So Gosh forbid 13 of em have marital problems then I know me tail will be on my phone 24/7, so I'm crossing me fingers for it not to happen.
Have you ever comforted a friend in trouble with marriage? Well I did & I got tired of hearing the same story all day & night but I love her
@msfili Honey it aint no angle-u did lose weight trust me I watch yo tail all the time so I see the difference.
That was just for fun you all-I was messing with Trending Topics but it sure won't hurt if it's true suffice to say he at work.
@msfili Hey girl you looking fine in ur vid. your vege. diet works-proud of yah! Don't weigh yet so you wont ruin the fun LOL
Speaking of the devilish my phone is ringing-he told me he made it safe but it's freezing in Anaheim so he needs coffee.
Well I'm settled in for the night but hubby got called for work-not happy about it but he agreed to buy me some more perfume so I said yes.
@TheOtherGina I love it he made it spicy LOL- Oh 5 stars for hubby yayyy!
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Makeup Haul http://bit.ly/IJKr0
I commented on a YouTube video -- Sistah my oh my looking good doll you losing weight-shit envious me beau... http://bit.ly/IJKr0
I favorited a YouTube video -- Christian Louboutin, Valentino, Guess, Target Shoes http://bit.ly/7E3HW
I commented on a YouTube video -- OMG if your a shoe addict then I'm a shoe whore LOL. MsLana u just don't... http://bit.ly/7E3HW
OK later tweeps gotta take a shower before it gets real cold here.
I'm a fish and chicken kind of gal-me bod aint use to pork nor beef.
Cheese and bacon bad combo u all-too greasy!
Anyho after eating all that fatty foods I felt nauseated. This bod aint young anymore where I used to shove fries everyday with no problem.
No wonder my secretaries called me Sex Goddess for this is what they saw when they click on followers. Sad u all :(
I mean porn sites? Come on Im an HR Administrator not a Sex counselor dang it!
Do know that I will holler when the day comes that I am not able to put my husband to sleep from exhaustion in bed-then expect a hella!
I'm a married woman u all-I've been spicing my master bedroom for almost 9 yrs now so no need 4 all of that.
Those who follow me with sex advice-let it be known that I don't need help in that area-thank you very much pls. unfollow for Im an expert!
I wonder if it applies to twitter?
So whats happening here? Hope aint boring tonite-I see someone talking bout other peeps-hmm whatever happens to mind yah business!
Eating grilled cheese sandwich with bacon on the side-cholesterol galore but oh well I'd at least die with my eyes closed. :)
@KimKardashian You damn skippy that's great! Now is that the holiday collection or not?
OK u all gotta get out of here-Im done for the day gotta rest at home this is a killer! Later tweeps!
Oh Butch the cat thinks he was spider man this a.m. when he climb on the curtain from the floor to the ceiling-then he meows for he stuck!
@seanmccracken Why did you post this? Now I'm hungry! :)
I've dealt with too much issues already since this a.m. I wonder what's next? Hopefully none for I'm not in the best of moods.
I subscribed to hitmanbreakeroftheye's channel on YouTube http://bit.ly/3q1hFZ
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- I WANT MY CHICKEN!!! http://bit.ly/19goZd
whats up with this TT #davidcookbarbasol aint that the brand for a shaving cream barbasol? lame TT today!
then he licked it-Im like dang kitty I thought he only like the Cartier perfume his daddy wears but no he just loves nice smelling stuff
Funny how Butch the cat wants some. Oh speaking of Butch-I had gotten my cosmo. mag in the mail today guess what he smellin EUPHORIA by CK
So enjoying this to the fullest with 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream. How about that for calorie count eh?
I finally give in to root beer float-I have been cravin this for the whole week-Hubby ask if Im pregnant but Im not red flag is up LOL
@karenmbb Karen I'm never scared in my life only the thought of Butch leaving is what makes my heart aches so bad-I'll e/up in a mental ward
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Tim Burton Alice in Wonderland Inspired Tutorial: White Queen or Angel http://bit.ly/NKW72
I commented on a YouTube video -- Love it simple but elegant. :) http://bit.ly/3WLJvx
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Smokey look using "Static" Menage-a-5 Palette http://bit.ly/yxU5M
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Outfit of the Day - 10.07.09 http://bit.ly/3WLJvx
OK nothin but 1 meeting today mighty unusual but good for muah. Well stuck at work thinking of what to eat for lunch. Any suggestions?
@emilynoel83 Wishing him good luck and good fortune :)
@kandeejohnson U are one amazing woman! Keep up that positivity in you-it magnitizes everyone who sorrounds u. I attest 2 all of that. thks.
@msfili OMG Msfili u've got balls baby! You go girl! RT A blow job is the healthiest breakfast.It comes w/ a sausage,2nuts & a protien shot.
That said I was lied on by a co-worker whom I trusted all this years-time to re-evaluate my judgement on peeps.
Lesson for the day is : Speak truthfully so you can stand behind your words!
Good morning! Having a good cup of coffee while checking emails and twittering at the same time.
I subscribed to butterfliielilian's channel on YouTube http://bit.ly/1RFCFx
Im done with twitter u all gotta say goodnight-got other things to do for now. Sweet dreams u all! :)
@danielsoolee @neimanmarcus
Its all good-sombody has to make a living I cant help thats all they know. I could have been a drug dealer but cant waste me tuition.
Hello everyone! Are u having a good monday morning? Well I know I am Im off work today yayyy!
I favorited a YouTube video -- Tinkerbell (Fairy) Costume Make-Up ~ by Kandee http://bit.ly/m2mUJ
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Tinkerbell (Fairy) Costume Make-Up ~ by Kandee http://bit.ly/m2mUJ
It''s been a great day! Let me thank all of u who twitted with me today it's been fun! So goodnight and sweet dreams u all!
OK tweeps time for bed for muah let me enjoy this chilly weather tonite. Summer time I only sleeps 4 hrs/day not on Winter I sleep 8hrs/day
@kandeejohnson We're given 2 choices when we g/up-I always choose happy! :)
@danielsoolee good night!
yah im doing trending topic-you got a problem with that?
I hate #theway you wink at me when Im mad then I ended-up melting in your arms. Damn his romantic! Thanks Mr. Ayers :)
@msfili Amen! I am tired of biatches spending some cheap ass shit then when D m/u finally comes off they say OMG WTF Happens?! Peleasee! :)
#stophatin cuz you broke at least you aint gotta pay for the air you breath!
whats up with u all peeps? sunday bug got to yah? not much of you twitting tonite so later me lovely folks
#paparazzisucks if you let em get to you they gotta make a leaving suffice to say it's legal so get over it!
#theway to a man heart is through his stomach-so bitches go start coooking it's dinner time dang it!
@danielsoolee So TRUE!
@danielsoolee Now u made me wanna cook some sweet potato fries! U bad influence you! :)
@queenofblending Lauren LMAO u was tow-up from the get go girl-shit brings me back in the days when I got pissy drunk luckily he married me!
Holy Molly I put some oil 4 hardwood floors then I almost slip and fall on my ass-damn aint worth shinin this shit for imma lose me tail!
SO whats up with twitter world u all? ANything exciting? Except @queenofblending who obviously did LOL
@hintcafe Good advice dear! Im just one of em lucky ones who to this day after almost 9yrs of marriage-he still pays the bill LOL :)
Later tweeps gotta do some chores round the house.
I'll just chill at home today-definitely cooking for sunday dinner.
What u all up to? Anything special?
Sometimes I wonder if we get boss around by our own pets? In my case all the time-Im a sucker for this lil fellow.
Ahhh the pleasures in life are sometimes free! Butch the cat woke me up-letting me kno 2 clean the potty 4 I forgot 2 do that last night
How u all doin on a sunday morning? Got up late today Im enjoying this beautiful weather-not 2 cold just nough 4 cuddle.
Ok funna hit @Target now while coast is clear-u all have a beautiful afternoon Forgive the ranting & all but Im all good. Bye tweeps loveeee
I did me wifey duties u all hard being a wife sometimes but we happy cant complain thats a fact.
El hub is sleeps right now he worked last night so he is in bed dead as a doknob. I fed his tail, prep his bath & gave him a massage cont
I see a lot of cars heading towards the mall @Glendalegalleria-speaking of which I need to pay @target a visit for some soil 4 me plants
OK on a good note-we have a beautiful day today in Glendale Cali. @78 degrees at the moment wind blowing through the pine trees & sun is out
but there is also the bad one in us thats why we all have a twin self.
oh yah my twin self is smart this one is dumb as a mofo-LOL everyone have a twin self do u agree? I do! well there is the good side in us
My twin self is the one that goes to work & married this twin self here is unemployed fouled mouth & nonchalant (did i spell this right?)
My twin self is just chillin not doing crap thats the one me hub married the nice one the other one is me hub mistress LOL
Damn I cuss 2 much forgive me u all I got carried away there for a minute or two LOL. I do have split personality the other one is nicer LOL
My friends know not 2 call me on marriage issues bec. Im a cut throat biatch I dont give u choices I go for the kill-u know what I mean?
If he died that day me tail was rich like a mofo-shit more money for me to shop till I drop! I love the man but can mess with God not me!
think like a man alright! the last time I cried was when hub got into a motorcycle accident but then I shake that shit off cuz guess what?
oh & let me have a joint account see what happens to that money that same day-ITS GONE!
let me hub pist me off honey I get every card there is in his name & charge it like  mofo, thats why he never gets me mad anymore he learned
I dont let shit bother me if i cant handle it I go to the mall & charge that shit on his credit card for him to pay not me.oh yah!
Honey life to short to be miserable-I love to enjoy life while I can bec. once we gone we gone aint no coming back unless u a cat like butch
Anyho I told u all Im funna update u on that talk so I did!
My granny taught me 2 think like a man bec. only then u'll understand, shit I got confuse there bout what she talking bout till I grew up
Honey let me husband cheat Im funna bobbitt his ass he'll miss that shit when he wakes up its gone like gone in the wind U hear?
now me ass is tired & sleepy. dont get me wrong I love me friend but some words r just self explanatory time 2 put out the samurai
he mess up with me heart is the day his lights will go off. She still crying this morning when I check on her behind made me go home @3am
lesbian I hated men 4 a long time it was bec. I was violated at a young age it gave me the right to feel that but I made it known D day cont
me a long time 2 know what love was bec I was molested & rape as a child didnt let no one come in my heart I though me ass was goin 2 be a
I hate women that are weakened by love- Im 1 of em women who trained me heart to love & unlove in a minute, as a matter of fact it took cont
time his arrival & let the mofo see me on top of the stripper see what happens then-shit I told her he hasn't met his match honey cont
I blame us bitches sometimes bec. we allow it- in my book its a diff story let him cheat on me I'll make sure I hire me a stripper
honey I'll beat the crap out of him enough 2 call paramedics then I'll move on-shit life 2 short 2 waste on sorry ass men cont
I said oh hell no! time to let the mofo go-its over with! Let me hub tell me some shit like that cont
Well if she dont love u back what u gonna do? Force urself in a man who dont give a damn about u? I said he got someone huh? she said yah
so I told her u better stop crying or Im funna beat up her ass myself crying over a darn man! Telling me she loves him! cont
funna happens when I swing me damn hands flying like a flying saucer let me tell you-shit the hawaiian in me funna come out in a minuite
Im like the answer has already been given 2 u then do somethin bout it or u want me 2 do it 4 u? she stops crying then bec. she knows whats
here I am drove my bitch ass 2 her house 2 tell me this bullshit waste my darn gas tryin 2 comfort her ass asking me what she needs 2 do
so I went there wanting 2 smash her head against the wall tryin 2 wake the bitch up 4 I think shes just sleeps & cant grasp the whole pic.
she said that her hubby told her she aint #1 in his heart-now isn't that self explanatory that the a-ho dont care how she feel? cont
ok u all I twitted this issue last night bout a friend who needs me help so here we go cont.
@msfili speaking of which aren't u going shopping today girl?
@msfili When did u become an ex filipino dear? :)
@LanaIndiana Ms Lana nice to see u on twitter yayyy Im so happy ur back this is no other than Ms Gorgeous2 :)
Happy Saturday tweeps! Hope ur day starts off right. Seems like some of u are still in bed since it's quite here.
I favorited a YouTube video -- My Cat Isaac Shakes for Shrimp http://bit.ly/vk0Iy
I commented on a YouTube video -- yayyy 5 stars 4 Isaac my kitty boo! My goodness what they do 4 treats sa... http://bit.ly/vk0Iy
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Crap Haul http://bit.ly/2cKilw
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- My Cat Isaac Shakes for Shrimp http://bit.ly/vk0Iy
shoot my friend just called me she needs me help so later tweeps I have 2 go.
BTW hubby went 2 work so me lonely home alone but like I said the alarm is on-thanks to ADT :) me safe!
@karenmbb OMG it brings me back in the days!
So Im home now tired as a mofo feets up in the couch twitting on my netbook & enjoying reading u all twits :)
And of course a must visit 2 the Chanel counter at nordstrom. I have 2 purchase another btl. of the No.5 plus more lippies my obsession
plus some goodies from Godiva choc. for my stepkids tom. whos coming 4 a visit. I also did some xmas shopping while im ahead.
I was so full I want someone to carry me to the car. We ended the night as bunch of happy bitches w/ bags in hand. I add on 3 more shoes
my face feels smooth only to look in the mirror that im drench with oiliness so I had 2 powder up. We had dinner at QQ BarBQ for buffet
Yah then went to Americana 4 more shopping. We then decided 2 unwind & hit the salon 4 our routine mani & pedi but this time we add facial
OK I had a blast all day. Meet up with some of me girlfriends to go hang out at the Glendale Galeeria today then we went 2 Gauchos Grill
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Pretty Fun GEISHA Costume Make-Up (by kandee) http://bit.ly/UEXxD
I subscribed to chriscole6's channel on YouTube http://bit.ly/FfAP6
I subscribed to RayWilliamJohnson's channel on YouTube http://bit.ly/A26eR
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Mini Haul/ Youtube people i watch http://bit.ly/3EpRHX
So I'll just check once in awhile-Im smilling as I said that. Ta-tahh
OK no need to twit much today honestly I gotta give twitter a break, there's enough drama & issues here-dont want 2 add on 2 that!
So what am I 2 do on a Friday how about SHOPPINGGGG? yah gotta release stress aside it's October I can splurge once again. yayyy 4 muah!
Good morning tweeps-happy friday as well. enjoying the company of home-yes me home dont want 2 go 2 work-yes I can do that!
So I do hope that as the holiday approaches may we look within ourselves & realize the mistakes we made all t/out the year. :)
Christmas is the time of year that I am not given the chance 2 even get mad-its like a must not to be negative.
Im contemplating as I enjoy my coffee how this year went so fast next thing we knew its time 4 christmas.
@pursebuzz pls. read the comment under this post-it isnt nice! http://bit.ly/KkBg2
I commented on a YouTube video -- Oh addendum I look for her in YTube for I was funna read her ass but tha... http://bit.ly/32xX4C
I commented on a YouTube video -- U go girl! Im like where the bitch at let me blow her head off obviously... http://bit.ly/32xX4C
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- LANAINDIANA http://bit.ly/32xX4C
OK Imma breath in and out then I'll get back 2 u later
WTF happen to my twit? I lost that shit! Im so upset right now u all.
@msfili Now u cant blame it on me I only give 5 stars LOL-do ur FBI work & see who did that let me kno if its fr. Cali Imma blow her ass LOL
@EnKoreMakeup OK Koren time to hit every store at the airport. Oh-ohh duty free I almost forgot. Enjoy twitting while waiting :)
@Schwarzenegger WOW Gov I can use one of that-let it out in the market for sure I'll get me one. Good lookin out for Californians! :)
#why u be showing ur cleavage and then get mad when guys end up looking in there?
#why do you pay 2 much for a dick when a vibrator cost way less and work 24/7 with no complain.
#why do u keep on asking AM I FAT when u of all people know ur fat? #Why?
#why do u wear skimpy clothes and then get mad when called a BITCH OR A WHORE? #Why?
#why do u wear a size small when u ass is large then end up looking like a stuffed sausage? #why
@msfili I am so happy to see that & at the same time pist like amofo lookin 4 that biatch who did that to her-I was funna read her ass
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- I'm Sorry http://bit.ly/ZTxVj
I commented on a YouTube video -- I MISS U SO MUCH! I even ask some of ur subbies bout u. Suffice 2 say so... http://bit.ly/ZTxVj
I dont want to move out of this chair-lunch is not even in my mind-just want to chill
Or this? http://www.hautelook.com/product/600759
Should I get this 4 El hub? http://www.hautelook.com/product/600758
Would my skin look better if I get this? http://www.hautelook.com/product/600567
hey funna take a break here gotta prep. clothes for tom for work so later tweeps.
Butch the cat is almost 9y.o. hubby ask what am i to do when his day comes? I cant answer that bec. I love him tremendously
I've been around pets 4 as long as I can remember,my heart  been broken more often than not.Itslike first heartache when I 1st fall in love
hub knows Im very upset so he just put his arms around me as tears fall. Its like parting from a son:( sad but so true
Honestly as they were picking him up I was in tears how can I not love the fuzzy guy he became my shadow since day one & loves to be cuddled
Im a bit sad Tigger the cat is no longer with hub and I- we finally decided 2 find him a new home bec. Butch the cat & him dont get along :(
@msfili DAMN THATS MY KIND OF MOVIE.
Attn pls.: IF UR A MINOR PLS DO NOT FOLLOW ME-I DO HAVE A FOUL MOUTH SOMETIMES THAT ISNT APPROPRIATE 4U-I WONT CHG BUT U CAN UNFOLLOW :)
@hintcafe Im glad I came across ur twit now I can share ur site 2 friends who are single. :)
Oh peeps dont be showing off ur feet if u got some ginger root looking toes-that is not pleasant 2 look at mostly for us ladies.
So what u all up to on a tuesday night?
El Hub will watch if he can get away with it all day that is his sleeping pill thats why he has his own earphones bec. I cant stand noise
Thats abig deal for me bec. Im nt a TV person-i only watch MSNBC every a.m. then im done with news for the day.
Just watched SONS OF ANARCHY my fav and about the only series I devotedly follow-so there. I already purchased season 1 out on DVD
ok driving out of the parking lot see yah.
@queenofblending Agree! Nothing pist me off than see a woman with an unmatch color of foundation & putting 2 much unless there is no mirror.
ok tweeps gotta drive me tail home me tired. later
lawdy me tail needs to go home Ive stayed longer than expected here at work.
@queenofblending hahaha-how about pancake batter for a face next time since some peeps dont know how 2 master foundation LOL
@queenofblending Lauren you forgot them cuticles on ur nail vid tut. just want to remind u sausage or not we have to trim cuticles LOL
@KourtneyKardash thumbs up for donating for a cause-Khloe have the biggest heart almost 80 items on Ebay good 4 her.
What is next? Something is going on deep down sea level we are either shaken or drowned.
OMG I'm bombarded with messages from fam. & friends in Hawaii they are in Tsunami Alert due to 8.0 earthquake in Samoa-wats up in d pacific?
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Episode 047 - Bayou Chic Collection Unveiling http://bit.ly/14aNHU
what should I eat for lunch? thats a shame when u even have 2 give a thought on what to eat-why cant it just be serve?
@msfili I did that with Kobe :)
#JonGosselin It's about time u get ur balls back-it was hidden in ur ass so long it almost rot.Thank goodness u got ur manhood intact!
#haveuever Fall in love so hard u wanted 2 kill urself? My friend did-she in the mental ward now :(
I feel like Im being pulled in 4 directions today but nothing beats THE BEST MEDICINNE OF LAUGHTER FR @msfili-follow her u all-u'll see
@msfili thats what real talk is about-u rock girl love yah for that. See now u know why i follow ur ass aint no boring day with you-for real
@msfili Honey my day started like crap then I read this almost shit in my pants-ur helarious girl-thnks 4 making my day-bitch got balls LOL
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- How I do MY Eyebrows (Rimmel Brow Pencil) http://bit.ly/S4bLK
I commented on a YouTube video -- I knew it u was going to shop-yayy great haul BTW. Thanks for mentioning... http://bit.ly/2d9I6Q
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- MAC Dsquared2 Haul http://bit.ly/2d9I6Q
ok imma strut me heels along later tweeps
since its north and south towers,not forgettin east & west towers on md side plus the cancer center-damn im just counting im already tired
I should go home early today Im bored at work-maybe I should visit friends in every floor in this hospital-oh well thats 16 floors times two
JUST ANOTHER MANIC MONDAY OH OH
Damn economy I'ma move somewhere else in a minute
suffice to say I have about close to 200 applications infront of me but cant do nothing :(
I'm sad I have no budget for new hire :(
@msfili LOL after u unload u'll have a clearer mind!
U all have a great day as I prepare for work-later tweeps :)
what I know nor share my own dilemma-but when its a friend do we disobey those rules?I need 2give her a call give her a hug & just be silent
someone says it is better not 2 get involve with personal matters of the heart, in my case I mind my business most of the time-I dont share
FRIENDSHIPs has so many rules to live by-we do have our code of conduct to follow-such as the unconditional love we ough to give
As I sit still here today I wonder how would it feel if my friend knows of my husband cheating & didnt tell me wouldn't I fell betrayed?
sit still & did nothing while she was crying her heart out?What kind of a friend am I?
is suffering as day go by. Why is it better to turn the other way when we are not in the situation such as theirs?But then again how can I
Would it be better informing her of th truth when I myself know that his feelings are long gone or should I just not feel for a friend who
I was focused on that note so as not to hurt anyone but the question I have is what value is her friendship really is to me?
correction her husband with another woman sorry
the truth-its been months now since I first saw her husband with another man but dared not say a word-I was more scared of getting involve
asking what she has 2 do.Im guilty in so many ways bec. first off the thought of ruining such marriage made me not share 2 inform her I know
feel the need to show comfort.Instead I made jokes bec. honestly I donno how 2 deal with situations like hers. Then she called me again
I made a statement that yesterday that was way out of line-my friend called for emotional support but bec. I wasn't in her shoes I didnt
SO much are in my thoughts lately but i dare not let it bother me for Im good at shaking it off but at times wonder my self valus
Im sarting to visulize what this day would bring as every sip gives me ideas how to make my day a lil faster.How can I be productive?
So me and cup of joe are having our usual morning delights where I am lost at the aroma of this good ol Kona coffee that I dearly love.
Im tempted to getm e butt back to bed just to cuddle wit hthe hubby once again but then nahh it might lead 2 somethin-im already tired
good morning to u all! Its foggy out, chilly as well-getting the first dose of chill as I step outside to get the newspaper.
good night tweeps imma go watch YT now.
gotta check Ytube see who got vids. that would make me ohh & ahh hope it ain boring crap now.
now eating butterfinger-dang this is 2 much sweets im shoving in OMLawdy
Anyho drinking Pepsi at the moment
I scared Mr. Ayers to death thats why to this day he hasn't left.
Voodoo aint no joke-u be scratching till u bleed thinkin u got shit crawlin up yo ass.
Honestly speaking u all when its fam. problems keep it to ursel-dont be askin friends 4 advice-better yet dont ask me-ionly have 1 solution
Imma voodoo ur ass in a minute calling my house asking bout advice in marriage-I only have 2 rules STAY PUT OR GET THE FUCK OUT
She hurried up and told me she'll talk to me later. Dont be callin me now bec. /I'll put this skills to work.
She was crying and laughing at the same time-bitch thinks im kidding-honey I went to Nawlins to study this shit-I sure could use it now.
I was actually awaken by a friend who is asking for advice in her marriage-Im like bitch time to take the voodoo kit out,so when do i start?
OMG I took the longest nap there is-Im feeling refresh and awesome. Hmm a lot has been going on since I last twit
Im suppose to go visit @coach but still contemplating if I really wanting somethin from there.
Im enjoying the beauty of this day dont even want to go to the mall.
@KimKardashian let ur sis know best wishes-im not a fan of Scott the cheater but I respect ur sis choices-may this be the best of yet 2 come
@msfili Msfili have u heard from LanaIndiana? Im kind of worried about her she hasnt done a vid for ages then she aint on twitter.
hubby is still sleeping I snuck out of bed unnoticed.
Im just enjoying the quiteness of the day while enjoying my cup of coffee. Ahh the simple pleasures in life at times is free.
@LanaIndiana OK MsLana I twitted @nunafeedtheduck & sek4me looking for yah.holler back will you? Im worried & missing u lots. Much love.
@sek4me Hi there-have you heard from MsLAnaIndiana lately? Thnks for any info.Im one of her subbies and worried sick.
@NunaFeedTheDuck Margaret have u heard from MsLanaIndiana? Im worried sick she hasnt done any vids. lately. I know she mentions u alot.thnks
@LanaIndiana Now Im really worried-went 2 ur channel & ur subbies havent heard fr. yah either. OMG do a vid or somethin.Love yah much :)
@LanaIndiana Ms Lana I hope ur ok Im a lil worried I havent heard from yah-hoping ur in France doing a sabbatical LOL-twit back if u can pls
I favorited a YouTube video -- Poison Ivy (Uma Thurman- Batman) Costume Make-Up (by kandee) http://bit.ly/18IT8b
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Formal Hair Accessory Tip  Quickbuzz Vid http://bit.ly/FWz7W
I got up early today its 5:30U.S. time-I went 2 bed early so here I am. Good a.m. 2 all of you.
#songthatmademecry SOME ENCHANTED EVENING-reminds me how husband surprized me this song for our first dance at the reception.
#songthatmademecry THE WAY IT USED 2 BE my dads fav.-I was young then I didn't kno how unhappy he was-he passed I was only 10y.o.
@queenofblending It happpened 2 me until I've learned 2 just love freely & expect none in return-when we least expect, we gain :)
Imma get my freak on so goodnite u all-have sex tonite-2 those single have a wet dream thats all u gettin:( unless u get a toy:) bye
I better stop while Im ahead I might get twit for advice shit I aint pro bono now when it comes to that I charge hahaha
Damn Im talking crap in here but I noticed my followers increase so let me go on LOL
Oh let me clarify my husband was first in the vagine but he wasnt first in the mouth LOL that I mastered @20
My husband is a lucky SOB but trust me he paying for it-vagine aint cheap u all-this mofo took advantage of me tail-I should have experiment
I bet some of u are laughing yah laugh mofkr I was once a virgin just in case u all forgot so my ass didnt know shit
I didnt know that shit was there/present:(
I learned from books sad but true bec. sex was taboo in our household so I thought that mofo goes in my butt only 2 find out Ive got a hole
I hate getting old u all-I use to do a lot of wild things in bed now my joints wont follow-every year Im gettin stiff as a mofo-its sad ikno
yah im old I use to be able to hang on a swing when i was getting it on, honey cant do that shit nomo im more scared I'd break a bone
Its saturday night & me tail is home whats up with that? Marriage slow my ass-I use 2 be a wild chick-Back in the days when i was young
BTW my husband so drunk coming from the picnic he knocked out like a mofo in bed now-there goes my video dead as a door knob
damn granny would flip in her grave if i do-so shit dont want 2 bring her back to life-Im staying still my damn self
someone is following me here on twitter who gave me an idea shes videotaping her ass & some pervert pay just  to watch-xtra income u all
shit between gambling and shopping I owe to have a sugar daddy but then again I wont have time 4 extra curricular activities Im a busy woman
Well I didnt win as much today from horse racing but enough 2 buy me a new coach tomorrow if I dont change my mind
@msfili I bet u it aint one of us Asians we usually play hard 2 get-I ck. his bank account first LOL
@msfili I ask Mr. Ayers he said that any man knows that he aint d first one she did that 2 therefore dont expect a long term relationship:)
@msfili Girl Id rather have this vagine rot than give it on the 1st date then have it catch somethin I wont be able to shake off.
@msfili Msfili u better not do no felatio shit on no guy NO GUY on a first date unless its for pay U HEAR? LOL
so there just sharing some thoughts now i can enjoy lunch and back to horse racing later :)
what a pity i know but this country has so many ways to get sued and be sued im even scared to fart for i might get sued for that LOL
we wont save yo ass bec. we can get sued for that-if u get rob we just point 2 the direction but we aint chasing we will just look
u'll get sued for that-thats why we just look when someone is killing each other for we get sued if we interfere-so all tourist beware
thats US to yah-if u have an accident & the cause is because the sign isnt visible ull get money 4 that-u can even be a good samaritan bec.
did u know that if ur car break due to a pothole-ur r compensated by the county u live in bec. they should have fix that-pity i know but
ok gotta put it out there u all its a warning to some who thinks theyre untouchable not us americans we love lawsuits-let me explain some
Ytube have that signed prior 2 approval of ur membership so when they get sued they arent liable but ur ass unless ur rich so no comment
since ur bind by the rules/agreement ur liable-dont forget u signed that agreement or did u forget that-its binded by law its legal-beware
be honest period-do have some 2 back u up with what u say or else ur liable 4 some legality issues-here in the US u'll get sued-so beware!
be thorough dont do it just 4 some compensation ur benefiting-nothing annoys me more than anything that ur review is fooling my tail
do a research as well bec. some do test on animals some dont-refer 2 PETA website to confirm or call the company-if ur going 2 do a review
& the best scent 2 ur liking may smell like shit 2 others-we r made different so 2 start off pls. provide us if ur oily,dry or combo-thn loc
when i went 2 London my oily skin here in the US was flaking there-so put that into consideration that climate has to do with it as well. :)
Attn YTube gurus-when eval. a prod. pls consider that some of us dont live in the UK where in ur country is more drying than ours cont.
ok tweeps need to handicapped me horses I will twit again later bye for now
Hell yah Indian Blessing will be there @TVG would definitely bet on that for my exotics its got 2 be win&place x10 & wheeling it 2x-thnks
My mother in law just called asking if im going to the track I said no mother dear i will play at home @TVG on my tv-convenience ehh?
yah peeps I want a horse to at least show-dont even give me a horse that wont do crap since u wasted my money last time out.
I'm going 2 check out some horses @TVG for Imma gamble me tail today-ok I need some horses tip now & give me at least somethin that shows
I got a kick out of that! oh well I at least am laughing starting my day on a positive note. :)
let me answer to this TT early #iamsinglebecause you cant find a man who will commit 2 ur ass-u psycho! LOL
Good morning u all tweeps! Lets give each other a toast while clicking our cup of coffee, tea nd juice. Its abeautiful day lets keep sunny
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Mac style black Haul/ Volcanic thermal ash mask SOLD OUT! http://bit.ly/1bG9Mj
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Cleopatra Costume Make-Up (by Kandee) http://bit.ly/19APTf
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- MAC Volcanic ash thermal mask review http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TK9zLFgkw9M&feature=au ...
I commented on a YouTube video -- I bought that mofo because of u now gotta try it on by tomorrow since I ... http://bit.ly/SrPJ6
I need to chill u all gotta make me some ice cream shake-oh yah delish gotta cater to our sweet tooth so later peeps-need to cool off :)
Its gettin hot in here so take off all ur clothes -thats whats playin now
dont be callin my house for overtime-click
now as a hiring manager I have peeps kissin me tail 4 a job less stressful mind u but still tired fr. 2 much paperworks
faster than a speeding bullet so I left that field & was promoted thank you lawdy for that
demands phy.& mentally aint worth shit. I use to recall how I can make 10k in 2 weeks just doing nursing but lawdy me face was gettin old
then deal with whiney people who thinks myself is equals 3 with service demands-dont get me wrong nurses make a lot of money but the
When i use to be a nurse honey I would work for up to 16 hrs. no problem but this bitch is gettin old cant do nursing no more
personally i dont believe in overtime thats too much for my sanity-if i can work less the better
The reason I ask is because they want El hub 2 come in for work-Im like heck no we aint desperate so stay yo butt home and relax
Not me-they outta they mind!
Does anybody wanna work on a friday night?
@msfili do u know them Bunny Ranch Girls make at least 5k-10k a week-Why did i go to college for? If I only knew-2 late now-I need overhaul
@msfili dang girl send me pics. oh u would not believe how much em peeps make shit i need to quit my job hahaha
Imma send his tail to BUNNY RANCH in Reno-I'll purchase 2 girls-but not until he 50 y.o. hahhaa I got a kick out of that
El Hub is asking what im doing? I responded watching porn-he wants 2 join-only 2 get disappointed that it was twitter hahaha
@msfili oh hell no MONEY TALKS BULLSHIT WALKS thats my mantra hahaha
@msfili what the heck is a POON ON DELIVERY girl im learnin new language educate ur sistah
@msfili oh shit I need tutorial me damn self hahha-I told u Imma kill this hub of mine legally-IN BED hahhaha LOL
huh now hubby wants an E-Class since he said I have the M-Class fr. Mercedes Benz-I said HELL NO! Ur motrcycle is good 4 ten yrs.im no stupd
maybe they owe to burn the galleria by me so i aint got to worry bout this crap
I want to cut this mofo so bad but hubby said not to-Isaid to me self easy for yah to say-im the one at the mall all the time! men ehh
I mean u pd it off 2 rid u of bills now this mofo tellin me my limit is up 30k well shit-they just know how to get my tail-this aint helpin
aint this a bitch u all-I paid my credit card off then fucking credit union increase my credit line-aint that a bitch? shit now im tempted!
@msfili I'd go for sugar daddy in a minute-its easier no strings attach at least all we need 2 do is be good in bed-have u practiced yet?LOL
@msfili girl we need 2 get us some of this naked pics on the net & post it then set up a phone service-I bet our phones will be ringing 2nyt
@msfili damn girl thats hard to find! I got mine from jsut plain ol american hahaha
so i will be busy here for awhile since ive got pampering 2 do 2 me self
facial mask= 1 egg white; 1/8 c. of evaporated milk in a can; 1 tbsp. of honey and a squeeze of 1/2 a lemon then leave it on for 30-an hour
sugar scrub= 1 cup of sugar; 1/2 c. of olive oil; 5-10 drops of lavender oil and voila scrub a dub dub in the bathroom u all
oh I have to do my pampering today with my home remedy facial
#cantlivewithout My car, blackberry and American Express
@queenofblending not ur usual very pigmented colors but liveable-Im used to ur BAM colors with style :)
My poor butch the cat he was left alone all day. He cuddling with mommy now with his towel that he sucks on.
@karenmbb oh when is the big move?
@karenmbb Great organization there Karen I could imagine what MAC container look like LOL :)
feet up with a cold pepsi on hand and im just chillin for the night. thank goodness its friday!
I also bought the KIELS shampoo & conditioner, then last but not least HARAJUKU LOVE to complete me collection on that line,so me tired now
then while at NORDSTROM I shop for me shoes just bought one this time cant go overboard then a cartier perfume for hubby dub
yayyy went to MAC after work-I was lucky enough to get 2 of the volcanic ash for it was like 5 of em left when i got there
I commented on a YouTube video -- Ladies cant get enough of perfume thats for sure I myslf collect em as w... http://bit.ly/K6ARA
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Perfume collection Tardy for the Party http://bit.ly/K6ARA
ok wont tweet long gotta go in to submit my weekly report so later enjoy this day for i will-oh gotta go to MAC later-mouth drooling already
I personally love Fridays bec. I go in half day for work with no cut in pay-love that part-my job gets stressful but it has good benefits :)
BTW TGIF u all-this week just went by quick fast and in a hurry.
good morning lovies im up and wide awake, are you? my usual routine KONA COFFEE our lil pleasures in life-oh a squirrel just pass by :)
imma go to bed now real tired-thks for tweeting ua ll. muah:)
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- MAC style black haul http://bit.ly/18UUiU
I commented on a YouTube video -- Msfili u have cobwebs down there by now-honey seriously u need 2 go befo... http://bit.ly/18UUiU
#yourlame if u buy fakes just 2 keep up with fashion-bitch pls we know its fake. BTW it should be "you're lame"-correct this TT
oh hub is looking at me funny 4 im eating oatmeal 4 dinner-oh well im craving it so im enjoying it. while he is full on pastrami
I think the new collection from MAC came out today-did it? I guess u all bought some let me know whats good.
what I missed? Me butt is home with El Hub he over there enjoying Wheel of Fortune,this man dont miss a show that & Jeopardy
@queenofblending It's time to change friends Lauren u dont want to sorround urself with that kind of peeps its infectious-love u regardless
im feeling a lil sad dont know why hormones must be acting up-but im still pushing 4 positivity u all-hard but doing it
@Schwarzenegger Way to go Gov. woot woot :)
@EnKoreMakeup yayy go Ms. Enkorrine woot woot clap clap & whistles-ITS PARTY TIME :)
whew one thing i can say ADT is very dependable wont have it other way
OMG home alarm sys. just went off so ADT called EL HUB put wrong code in-damn he gettin old but i love him regardless
@msfili yayy ur doing vid today u promised :)
then at 3pm FUJI APPLE my fav. oh yah its all planned gotta nourish the brain
Im having tuna sandwich on a rye bread with provolone cheese along with a cup of matzo ball soup yum yum yum
#iamproudof my accomplishments all this years-make me look back then cry in tears how far i've come.
calling all californians lets twit and do the twit dance
so whjats poppin in twitter world u all? seems quite around here or is it bec. most of u that i follow are in diff. time zone as i
oh well that'll live-gives me reason 2 buy a new one
just spilled pepsi on my suit-oh man!
Im about out of the door to get me tail to work.
@msfili Damn girl either them nostrils are sensitive or blich dont wash off.
my daily routine 4 beauty: eggwhites,evap. millk,honey,lemon= mix tog. & put on ur face leave4 an hour rinse off or do this before shower.
OK im done with TT-let me enjoy this cup of joe. Its 2 early 2 go 2 work.
#phasesihate AM I 2 FAT/UGLY (bitch pls. u see urself first before anyone does, so dont be asking)
#phasesihate IM JUST HUMAN I MAKE MISTAKE (Bitch pls. if u think before u speak/do you wont be makin this statement)
Whats up with TT we talking too much sex now? but let me play along
#beforesex VIRGIN
#duringsex OUCH
#aftersex OMG
Im currently looking out the window with no one in sight.
Good morning twit peeps! I am freezing cold this morning I had forgotten 2 turn off a.c. since yesterday-Im enjoying coffee at the moment.
ok i guess im all done with twit for the night-gotta go in bed and watch some sort of news. night u all-see yah
dang no one twit for almost an hour? where u gals and guys at? sleep?
I love watching sheryl Burke in the salute for patrick swayze At DWTS
oh Macy was rid off at DWTS-bummer
ok gotta watch YTube while in the tub-later twits
@pursebuzz as long as ur the blond by the cashier then its a go LOL
imma soak in the tub just let me digest.
imma buy him a blow up doll so he can satisfy his urge-shit this bitch is tired!
if this husband of mine ask me to go to bed this early Imma freak out in a minute-he thinks im a humpin bunny-
OMG I cant wait for winter this heat is killin me tail-gotta put the a.c. on
@msfili Oh lawdy-U want me to send u some bleach to wash off? its made by proctor & gamble LOL-girl I thought u was gettin laid hahaha
just relaxin-feet up-belly fool-hmm whats 4 desert? haagen dazs anyone?
@msfili are u doing vids tonite? girl u slacking-unless u have a white boyfriend next to yah then its ok, if not HURRY UP & DO SOME WORKhaha
I do however eat a gang of chicken I cant get enough of that enough to give me birds flu LOL
I guess I was traumatized when I saw how it was slaughtered in my backyard for LUAU in Hawaii
I dont eat pork I havent been a fan since i was a child-I always pick it out dont know why.
damn that chinese chicken salad from chin chin was delish OMG I finished the whole thing since hubby was gobbling up his chops.
ok im home now just done with dinner-we eat before 6 for dinner every night unless for some reason we cant
later twitter folks ill twit when i get home ba-boom lovies
speaking of which i should get out here myself no more work to do-im done for the day.
now they given me a thumbs up-im tellin u I know how to make em happy so go home bitches-been with u 2 since this mornin
I'll send them home early @3:30 oh yah with pay since it aint comin out of me pocket LOL
yap do have another twit acct. for work related-that one is lock-so tha now u know
they laughing like crazy since they seeing my twit to u all-they dont follow me here but on my other acct. we keep it like that
jokes aside I joke with em on a daily basis-but when it envolves work they better not joke around bec. im quick on firing yo ass in a min.
ok bitch im gonna be nice, if not for ur daughter I had fired u by now-who ask ur opinion bout my twitter name huh?
I laugh so hard-my secretary told me Mrs. Ayers ur twit name sounds like a porn staruntil i saw butch the cat in the picture.
I'll settle for Asian chicken salad from chin chin on west hollywood
speakin of food-i promised hubby i'll cook Fried chops with rice and gravy for dinner tonite
ok went to starbucks for a venti iced tea with banana loaf yum yum yum
@EnKoreMakeup yes for she was MIA for a minute there-let glamour reign! love Enkorinne-she my diva-vava-voom :)
later u all got work 2 do
I subscribed to MostBeautifulJewelry's channel on YouTube http://bit.ly/47RBsG
I subscribed to TheMakeupPirates's channel on YouTube http://bit.ly/1Up4Io
I subscribed to FashionElites's channel on YouTube http://bit.ly/a687o
I subscribed to FAMOUSONE1910's channel on YouTube http://bit.ly/15D6H6
I subscribed to DulceCandy87's channel on YouTube http://bit.ly/Kz48P
#visitindonesia for what? Id rather go to France!! I'd at least smell like fresh baked goodies instead of onion.
@EnKoreMakeup So ur in Florida? U just travelin like crazy honey :) how I wish I can be there 2 see disney World make me a kid all over :)
whew thats done i almost forgot & today was me deadline or else court will penalize me behind
oh lawdy I forgot i need 2 fax some papers 2 me lawyer-wait a minute
OK u all my horse Lava Man has made me enough money back in the days but I dont think they need 2 race him anymore he needs 2 retire 4 an 8y
@TVG_Community Why cant they retire him? Btter yet make him a Stud-I dont understand this at all.
EDUCATE ME PEEPS PLS.-WHY IS IT THAT SOME WHO FOLLOWS ME HAVE-GETITON ATTCH 2 THEIR TWIT? PLS LET ME UNDERSTAND THIS AND THANK YOU.
@msfili At work it is often refered to as SIGNIFICANT OTHER but 2 me it is HOMOSEXUAL since it defines "same sexes or gender"
@KimKardashian SOME ENCHANTED EVENING with a violinist
that was my twin u all who comes out when its pist off-truthfully I wish i have a twin so i can just blame her all the time but im only one
I mean I practically shared how to make both sexes get even with a smile-I look at muah & said this is so unlike u gorgeous but oh well
OMG I twitted so much last night I lauegh as I was reading my post from yesterday-Im like woman where u got all that Idea?
just makin u all laugh with me jokes-we cant be serious here all the time now-it aint good.
i was told that peeps with big forehead are smart i donno if its true for in my case im more of a smart ass LOL
oh today I did my hair like Jackie O & getting compliments now if only my forehead aint that wide id be more happier.
see what vacay does eto a epersons mind it re-energize it-i dont believe in work and no play aint me so im happy :)))
for almost 3 hours of what i thought would be bs talk but ended up that the plan i implemented came to pass so yayyy im productive
well I finally have my mouth shut when the plan was inacted and i couldnt agree more so there now i can rest & twit 4 now since i was there
well my morning went by so fast i almost lost track-meeting went well we finally agreed on somethin-damn B.O.Directors they get 2 decide
ok i better stop since its too late and i need to get me tail in bed. sleep is another thing to do for wrinkle prevention. goodnight u all!
cant even use it to tickle body parts
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Review: Sigma Brushes http://bit.ly/buLMo
im tellin u what peeps would do for free crap.
maybe i should give em a job so they'd be able to afford chanel or dior brushes
@KimKardashian good night dont let the bed bugs bite!
ill give em an honest review alright-ill show em in useful tool for cooking!!!
how bout that 4 a review now?
peeps kill me giving a good review on that shit-sigma sent it my way i will use it for basting my bar-b-que since its stiff as hell
ok just finished viewing Ytube not that much talk there more on sigma brushes-im tired of hearing that shit cheap ass brush-use it 4 basting
I commented on a YouTube video -- I was deprive of m/up growing up due 2 conservative upbringing I was not... http://bit.ly/3O1H8g
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Beauty Blender Review http://bit.ly/3wM2Q7
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Contest Time! Sigma Brush Giveaway! http://bit.ly/3O1H8g
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Sigma Brush Review http://bit.ly/nfn7p
ok now gotta watch YTube let me see who i can learn from.
I twit 2 much today wow that nap did me good.
eating mr.goodbar chocolates-well told yah satisfying sweet tooth at the moment
@msfili I hear that-I even said buy huggies baby wipes & set it next 2 the side table LOL-some peeps dont believe in hygiene :(
Ive been through so much shit prior 2 marriage that nothing phases me now.
marriage is long ass thought to grasp-if u aint sure dont plunge! bec. u wont be happy. BTW it took me yrs. before marriage hit my mind
who will give me foot massage when im tired at work? the hardwood floors?who will correct me when im wrong?who willlove me unconditionally?
I cant lie-there are days I wonder why i got married? but will give me back rub? the wall? who will make sure im safe?the police?
marriage is an investment market if u cant handle that then dont marry bec. it does need 2 much work at times its exhausting
coming home and that apologies are too late to say-do not take ur mate for granted bec. we only live once & once that is gone what R we 2 do
this was an eye opener 4 me mostly when sept 11 hit-imagine how many of em left the house upset at their mates only 2 find out they aint
its a daily nourishment u work on it like how u water ur plants to grow-when issues arise we talk-we dont sleep mad regardless
we talk all the time-whether im at work or home-our marriage works bec. we know how to admit faults-it aint perfect but we compromise
honestly he seldom shop for me but he does gives me money all the time-he just ask how much &end of story-I do h/ever shop 4 him
that statement made me laugh-I do his mani&pedi-he gets spoiled as I am spoiled-if he shop for me-I made sure I do for him as well
i still go on dates once aweek-I made sure his home is organized eventhough its in my name hahha-give him hear rub every night both up &down
Im always told im a good wife bec. 2 this day after soon 2 be 9 yrs of marriage-I still cook 4 him-prep. his bath & clothes-give him massage
im pretty lucky bec. lawdy made me marry a man IM IN LOVE with package deal & all but I've also came a long way so I deserve him truly
our hearts are built to love enormously-count how many u love-i bet a gang of em-see we can love anyone but only be IN LOVE 2 one
because honey nothing beats a comfortable life-id rather than being poor
We women have photographic capabilties-if u with an ugly man-u pretend its Denzel humping u-if u a man let it be Beyonce in yo mind
good lookin man is a blah if u hungry-u need 2 be full at all times-u could have the most handsome guy but if u stomach is curling byeee
I always tell me sistah friends-u need 2 find a man who will give u security & not u giving security/
so shit he handsome when he paid 10gran plus on them wedding rings-he had it insured! so find u a handsome man who can shell out that bling
like Beyonce's song PUT ARING ON IT-he pulled out a PLATINUM ring made me passed out
in my case HONEY U MIGHT SAY ME HUSBAND IS TALL,DARK & NEVER MIND BUT SHIT HE IS THE MOST HANDSOME MAN 2 ME-he put aPLATINUM in this hands:)
then u wonder why good looking man really is with an ugly woman-#1 no competition#2man is broke ugly bitch money machine#3u SPRUNG
oh how i use to master flirting-those days are gone-shit marriage and age caught up with me tail so im more behave now.
so I always tell em afterwards that oh Im sorry Im married-if I can only go back in the days-life was fun then-i get 2 play-i was a flirt
U JUST THINK U IS-then I have 2 re-eval now I know I aint bec. bikers do liked me alot & hubby is always turnin yellow fr. jealousy
so out of curiousity me tail went out with the girls-I was approach by 3 diff. men who wants my number-I said 2 self-BITCH U AINT UGLY
so my next move is to really find out if i still got it bec. lets face it this bitch is 40 im old-shit i even passed the days in D calendar
he said ARE U KIDDING ME? IM HERE ALL JEALOUS & SHIT AT UR ASS MOST OF THE TIME. I gave a smile but not convinced
only 2 find out that the mofo is SPRUNG-so here i am thinking i must be ugly as pug bec. this mofo told me he sprung-so I ask him if im ugly
bec. honestly ive never heard that word till i got married-well I always wonder why would a good looking man be with an fuck up bitch
Have u ever heard of a word SPRUNG? I goota share this-anyho hubby told me MAMA U GETTIN ME SPRUNG-Im like it aint spring yet honey
I'll be known as the TWITTER GURU who causes both sexes to clash-dont want that in my portfolio now-baddd for yah!
Once again I DO HAVE A DISCLAIMER for i dont want 2 see my ass in the news now.
ok i twitted anough shit gave out my secrets to all for free-usually my services are paid not today bitch its PRO BONO enjoy while u learnin
and i only gave out 1 way 2 kill a man. shit but we are blest that way-our best defense is our vagines u all-this has power none like other
and you'll kill a bitch in no time-primetime-for shell end up in a mental hospital-now thats enough u done had 3 ways 2 kill a bitch
on things &easily manipulated by that same head-suffice to say u guys are built that way but we women R emotional robots-so toy with that
so our feelings/mentality is our controller we get so emotional over some lil crap-yah unlike u guys the bottom head controls ur perception
#3 damn im giving u all men secrets 2 sisterhood-well nothing makes us crazy whe nu make us think we crazy-we are controlled by emotions
ignore her-dont even flinch giving her clues u heard-bec. u will ruin this teaching procedure
if she nags & its really gettin on ur nerves-practice selective hearing-u can do this-always pretend u didnt hear shit-say WHAT U SAY HONEY?
see if she dont cry her ass out while burning ur phone lines-if the bitch is a nagger-see im not just here for my sister m here 4 the bros
dont say nothin just give her ur sweetest smile & a goodbye.dont ever call her now not once-dont let her know ur whereabouts nothing-nada
now she goin 2 give u this shock look-do get out while she in this state of mind bec. once she recovers shell woop ur ass so do the grab&go
cook 4 her do htings u aint done before then u present her with that escort u have at hand-looking way beautiful than her-like the bomb
but before u do this shower that bitch with flowers & expensive gifts bec. we bitches r materialistic-better yet go 2 charm school
nice looking bitch-even if u have 2 hire her from an escort serv.-so u bring her round her while letting her know u there 2 pick up ur stuff
emotions & knowledge. let me explain-when u find out she cheatin-u pretend all is well-dont give her any clues u know-then bam bring some
Now men R probably asking how u get bakc at a woman-first off we are strong minded but nothing kills us like a mofo than 2 toy with our cont
Dont want no popo knockin at me door just bec. u'll tell em u follow Mzgorgeous twit-I HAVE A DISCLAIMER DO AT UR OWN RISK hahaha
Honey I love me husband so much i probably follow in 2 days time & ladies if u follow this I aint responcible-I do have a disclaimer LOL
he said let mama know I die with a smile in my face hahaha
he said girl my mama would say thanks for makin me son happy before he died-OMG I peed in my pants fr. laughter
I told hubby this now he always tell me u tryin 2 kill me?i laugh so hard-I always joke what he wants me 2 say when it happens 2 his family
dont be cryin and shit when he cheatin-go to sex school & master ur craft in kama sutra & kill his ass in bed OH LEGALLY U ALL
so idont believe in murdering ur husband bec. u auth. go to jail-but not if u kill em while having sex thats legal-so get ur freak on
have u ever read a man having heart attack in bed from sex? honey thats the best revenge there is-so do em right ladies-kill em with love
my revenge-i put his ass down like knock down-u cant hurt em so u do whats done legally in the united states kill em wiht love ouch
have u ever tire ur man in bed he shakin when he gets up like he became disabled for a moment? im 5'2 & hubby 6'2 thats d only time i get
best tip i can give from my book of secrets LOL is 2 make sure she tire him in bed so tired he aint able 2 get up-then problem solve
I gotta share this with u all-me friend called tellin me she tired of bf going out all the time-she always end up at home by herself so cont
I turn out right the only thing in my record is speeding tkets since Im used 2 jettin out fast when granny was mad
shit my grannys look was enough 2 make me ass shiver i tell u that
popo be eatin 2 much donuts 2 be able 2 have enrgy tryin 2 catch yo child-dicipline em brats-better yet bring em 2 phil. theyll woop em 4 ya
oh & spank em chitlins who misbehave-dont tell me its child abuse-well shit the jail sys. is full of ur undisciplined child so help out popo
better yet have em sew it up!!! shit here i am paying fo yo ignorance
4 men 2 feel-dont even tell that 2 ur friends since those who aint stupid would know u loose down there
And ladies bef. u open yo legs-do know that u will get pregnant-use condom if u tell me u dont feel shit then maybe yo vagine is way 2 big
they have they own buss. 2 support em chitlins-now some might say da mama is a piggery but shit they do em right-support yo own ticks&fleas
U know who I admire? I dont care what peeps say but this show called 18&couting? they the shit-no govt. help w/soever
I almost ran her ass over at the parking lot-tryin 2 justify why she gettin me money, maybe if i make her handicapped she entitled 2 one
eat better than me from my own tax dollars-here i am using coupons on me bag of shrimp & she aint using none-aint that about a bitch?
died! EBT is welfare hand-out used 2 be called food stamps-Im like aint about a bitch here i am working my ass 12-16 hrs a day & this bitch
with half a cart of food-so i said 2 myself damn this mofo must be rich-she able 2 afford all this food-bitch pull out an EBT card I almost
This is the killer-went 2 FOOD FOR LESS 2 do some grocery shoppin-so here i am in line behind this lady who got 2 carts of food-here i am
Bec. guess WHATT? We dont believe in that shit-we mess our bed, we fix em. So dont hate jsut bec. u aint doin shit 4 us-we better that way.
Have u passed by a welfare office lately? Have you seen any Asians? Hmm just wondering why &why not? Mostly why not?
ok peeps nough having babies 4 the meantime-Im tired of paying for yo welfare!
maybe if we do, we will control human population-maybe we should do that for this generation.
Im doin trending topic-LOL bec. i wonder if women will ever be spayed and men neutered.
#thoughtsintheclub HONEY cover yo dimples & cellulites-shit u looking like a pug when u do that
this song in ma head-SOMETIMES LOVE COMES AROUND,WHEN IT KNOCKS U DOWN JUST GET BACK UP WHEN IT KNOCKS U DOWN!!!
#thoughsintheclub some of this ladies needs spaying & the males neutered or castrated
#thoughtsintheclub DANG BITCH HUMPIN LIKE SHE IN HEAT!!!!
then me hub cuddled & went4 a nap-so sistah just got up-well rested-ill be twittering all night
not today dear ferragamo & tiffany broke this bitch wallet so will do that next month-2 take out of ma m/up budget.
ok after I went 2 nordstrom 4 Kiels lotion-I went 2 verizon 2 chk out blkberry tour-my gorgeousness out of pocket is almost 300mollars
ok here comes Mr. Ayers will twit when i get home-bye for now tweeps
oh yah memory cap. the TOUR won-128flash mem/192mbRAM VERSUS 256flash mem/256mbRAM see more on Tour
I need to get rid of Blackberry Storm & get Blackberry tour instead. i def. need 2 do a side by side comparison.
I should tell him2 take me 2 Nordstrom at the Grove-need to get some Kiels lotion I'm out.
hubby where u at? hurry up this peeps r giving the creeps-prob. got caught up with traffic
God forbid its an ob/gyn shoot germs galore-i have sinus today so get away with yo MRSA or VRE yikes
eww doctors wanna shake ur hands evertime they see u? I dont if u only knew where they hands been ull understand my point-stool sample any1?
I dont want 2 complain but honey it gets overwhelming-I mean there are days that I get 3-4 baskets-it prob.cost 100 bucks & up why not m/up?
Imma open my mouth & start telling this peeps 2 stop sending me gift baskets & trays of food-I aint starving u all! send me perfumes instead
I hate when holidays come I feel like im gaining 30 pounds by the time 3 kings hit-these peep does nothing but feed us calorie killer foods
I'm joining treding topics yayyy while waiting for my tall dark and never mind hahaha
@msfili girl one pan would feel abandon.
@msfili now u know what hospital i work for-that was a slip of the mouth girl-hope yo having a great day sis its less smog here in cali. LOL
#ISayNo to negativity at work-i dont entertain gossip-if uve got diarrhea of the mouth im not ur toilet so move & let me flush ur ass-byeee
#whateverhappenedto manners & etiquette in life? we seem 2 forget the simple things like EXCUSE ME or I BEG UR PARDON?
The weather in Beverly Hills is great-ffelin the breeze & way too sunny. The best weather so far this month-love it!!!!
oh hubby is so thoughtful he took me to work today and he is picking me up as well. nice!!!
im so stuffed up it isnt funny-its giving me a headache
I finally show up for work-i was MIA for a moment there but im happy 2 see happy faces today-had a meeting with recruiters, now im going hom
@ArdySkinner THANKS SO MUCH FOR SHARING THIS WITH US.
@Schwarzenegger WAY THUMBS UP GOV. UR THE MAN-I KNEW MY VOTE DIDNT GO TO WASTE-LOVE LOVE YOU!
re-word typed fast: BARELY BREATH
OMG Im so dead with sinus right now-I can bearly breath!
damn this girl in Ytube be showing her outfit of the day-shame on her ass she got pigeon toes so bad they facing each other-damn thats baddd
@pursebuzz Good 4 her though she came a long way. So enjoy that concert girly & share the pics. Thanks in advance. :)
@pursebuzz they still do-them ghetto folks so they buy em at swapmeet hahaha
@msfili Girl I hope Mr. Ayers aint reading my twit 4 Ill be in big trouble-mofo might take me to court LOL
@msfili Girl we need some pimp big time! LOL
@msfili Shoot thats the cost for my embryo transplant! girl we need some good ass part time job-I wonder how much BJ we have 2 do? hahaha
@pursebuzz flat shoes doll loving it- will sleep next 2 my bedside LOL just like hubbys nephews when they have a new Jordans hahaha
the rest will be resolve at the gym-if I go but I dont but I do yoga thats all about I can handle as far as sweating is concern
I dont believe in cosmetic surgery but if I ever get one done it will be 2 have a deep set eyes & this chin I inherited from dad-needs lipo.
I need 2 tie a rope in my back for im steady slouching-shoot now im worried boobs will start dropping-cant afford @40
@pursebuzz girl I gave up Britney after Federline-only song i recall is OPPS I DID IT AGAIN hahaha
@msfili Baby this is ur chance to get rape by a handsome white guy.Jokes aside-ARE U OUT OF UR MIND? STAY UR TAIL HOME!!Im yellin LOL
ahhh why are the once I unfollow still showing in here? It happens in YTube to. Dang whats going on?Bitch cant get rid of a flea LOL
@pursebuzz I went shopping Ferragamo & tiffany @bellagio-hubby won not me i shopped hahha
@pursebuzz cant do britneyt too old for that LOL :)
@pursebuzz OH ggod luck on ur finals and waht concert are u going?
@pursebuzz I was shocked 2 find out that the owner of TOKIDOKI was once the owner of HARD CANDY then finally by URBAN DECAY. :)
@pursebuzz PB IN THE HOUSE!!! Miss u girl I was MIA in ur blog there for a moment-went gamblin-oh I post a comment re: HARD CANDY cont...
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Creative Masterpiece Competition. http://bit.ly/17axyv
wow not much peeps twittering tonite-i wonder why?
ok later twits chow time-
ok done grillin some burgers Rachel rays recipe-yum
hubby wake u ass up time 2 eat!
@msfili Say it like it is sistah-them hips of em kids be shakin like they got 8.0 earthquake-so yah who they foolin?Pls. we 2 old 2 be fools
I commented on a YouTube video -- GET UR FREAK ON-GET UR FREAK ON!!! Girl love that song. Well I always ge... http://bit.ly/uD2tv
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Haul after sorority row 1230am midnight http://bit.ly/uD2tv
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Eye Kandy http://bit.ly/gckX8
I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Live At 11 pm est Tonight http://bit.ly/miJic
