ParlezVousSuze
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/637044258646589440/8ayuf4eb_400x400.jpg
I really miss my long hair
http://t.co/m7GZYBabXo
someone stole my bread today and I just can't move past it. don't touch my bread. don't.
@chanellecassidy but also get ur shit together gf
@chanellecassidy but also I understand
@chanellecassidy I post pictures of my face and funny things and I get VERY INSECURE ABOUT IT
I've gone through a lot of my old tweets and found out I was a really angry person but hell I was funny too
@chanellecassidy ps u stopped liking my insta posts why u gotta break a brothers heart
my wifi is a dick
@chanellecassidy look worse come to worse we run can runaway together forever
Julian sleeps a lot and I don't so I just lay here waiting for his lil face to wake the fudge up
@kaitlanmcgill maybe just ask nicely for the employes discount
It's been a while y'all
omg hey
RT @kaitlanmcgill: i live for whose line is it anyway
@kaitlanmcgill I can and will
@kaitlanmcgill thought I was till mum and dad started at it haha. halp
@kaitlanmcgill not anymore. had to come home cause g-mar is in trouble
someone pls cheer me up. I've cried all afternoon and I need some love/affection/gifts
guess who is have a shitty day? (it's me)
RT @hazandstuff: I miss learning okay?
page 1 of 365. let's do this
you know what? I hate New Years. none of this 'new year, new me' bull shit. my only resolution is to tell more people to fuck off
telling me to 'stop it' is NOT GOING TO MAKE ME FEEL BETTER
my bf is terrible at making me feel better
I'm hungy
RT @kaitlanmcgill: EXCUSE ME ALL TIME LOW
put the lime in the coconut and shake it all up
okay so I met Josh Wade on Saturday night and he was incredibly nice and modest.  #badassonthestreets #princessinthesheets ?
#cantaffordmorebooze #joshbuymesomevodka
#drunk
Josh man, where you at
I love my bf. why? because he will go to the bar and get me more drinks. I need to husband this bitch asap.
going to see @joshwadecomedy tonight! keen to get a bit munted and do some dirty dancing 👌✌️👊
how do you tell someone that you are angry at them without actually saying 'I'm angry at you'
it's so easy to be mad at someone when they are far away
distance is ducking hard okay
this video is the anchor of my life  https://t.co/HDNdoyutL3 #TylerOakley
sure, but how do you delete people in real life
lol nah
RT @chanelpuke: kinda want to be 21
kinda want to be 6
so I had a dream where everyone forgot it was my birthday and it was very sad
maybe if I like his profile picture he will get the clue that I'm in love with him and want to have his children
I LOVE LIFE RIGHT NOW OMG
I'm so full of anxiety right now that I think I'm going to spontaneously combust
2nd last day of prac! so close to the finish line, I can already taste it
I'm going to vomit. that's how nervous I am right now. my arms and fingers are like limp and tingly and my stomach is twirling
I can handle this
RT @kaitlanmcgill: can I drop out pls??
HAR HAR HAR TAKE THAT YOU FUCKING LITTLE BITCH HAR HAR HARV
IF YOU SEE THIS JULES, HOW ARE YOU SHOULD I TEXT YOU? WHAT THE DEAL KID
I have a boyfriend this is weird and I don't know what to do. am I meant to text him or something? I don't know.
baby got back
so basically you're a little bitch
and you think you have to right to yell at me? shut up. I paid you back the money I owed you. leave me the fuck alone
how dare you get up me for spending too much money when I'm paying for most of my expenses. car payments, fuel, school costs are all on me
disbelieving because I understood and kind of decided that I'm a realist, not a feminist.
my grandmother is against the feminism movement and I listened to her talk about why and it was a little disbelieving of it all.
RT @troyesivan: *gets dropped off at the club by mum*
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY MAIN MAN WILL SMITH
@kaitlanmcgill oh golly no one needs that in their lives
@kaitlanmcgill probs more like 'mum where did you put that blunt that I was smoking'
@kaitlanmcgill I'm surprised she still acknowledges our existence now
@kaitlanmcgill good good. no one knows how to spell her name right it's too difficult
@kaitlanmcgill which teacher? when? can I watch?
I love my parents and I know that's lame but I cried for like half an hour after they showed up
OMG I FORHOT TO TWEET ABOUT MY PARENTS SURPRISE VISITING ME. THEU DROVE 5 HOURS BECAUSE I WAS SAD AND VERY VERY SICK AND I LOVE THEM
on the bright side, I'm coming home earlier than I thought
so I somehow got addicted to true blood again. I have three assignments to do. this is not the time
RT @TheColIegeLife: Welcome to college parking where the rules are made up and the lines don't matter
RT @TheColIegeLife: Seriously http://t.co/p7LVpFrj2L
I now respect her
my mentor legit just told me that she is going home, putting the kids to bed and then getting blind on scotch and dance in her undies
okay so I am very very sick and need my mother
@kaitlanmcgill shave it ya pussy
the receptionist at the doctors is kind of a bitch. lady, I'm an inch from death. don't you get all sassy with me.
update: decided not to wait for sheets but instead just sleep without them
the sucking is not exclusive to Maze Runner
but then again it's a book series and the ending of them suck anyway
okay well the ending pissed me off kinda
I READ THE MAZE RUNNER AND IT WAS NOTHING LIKE I EXPECTED BUT I LIKED IT
RT @kaitlanmcgill: finished reading a book in just over 24 hours. I really do need a life.
Im at that point in waiting for my sheets to dry where I'm like 'do I really need sheets on my bed? really who's going to notice.'
life hack: don't touch me
so I'm kinda fighting but also not fighting with my friend and it's very tense
RT @tommcfly: Life hack: feeling hungry? Eat things. 

You’re welcome.
RT @hamishblake: "How did you become a billionaire?"
"I stole and resold tons of cheap hotel coat hangers"
"But they're attached to the rai…
happy little pill is being played on the radio at uni ✌️
I LOVE OBAMA
I'm moving to America just so Obama can be my president
I have to marry Paul Rudd
maybe I should write a book
lol @ people who try to make me feel bad and guilty about things. bye bye I don't need you
I base my tinder likes on 'would I cuddle with them'.
RT @kaitlanmcgill: also every time Brazil sees us he says "oh hello!" like are you shocked to see me? you know I live here right?
RT @petewentz: i just wanna be someones beyonce.
everyone is complaining about the price of the new iPhone but seriously. that's the price they usually are. they added like 100 bucks
I feel like you should all be angry about this
😗😘😝😄😚😘😄🔵🔹🔸⚪️😌😁🇬🇧🏉⚽️🎎🎐👻🎎🇯🇵🇯🇵🇪🇸🇮🇹🐴🐨🐮🐻🐗🐯🐑🐶🚜🚓 

YOU CANT DO THAT WITH YOUR SHITTY SAMSUNG CAN YA
WELL HOW ABOUT YOU JUST GO AWAY. I HAVE AN IPHONE AND NO TIME FOR YOUR SMILEY FACES. IM VERY BUSY
some guy just told me I need to use ':)' more in my messages
RT @AlexAllTimeLow: Regeneration did not go as expected. http://t.co/vljowxM8Nz
I haven't felt this upset in a while. it's kind of crushing
last night was bad. very very bad
also, I sing I JUST WANNA MAKE YOU SWEAT and that's just funny
'you're not worth an exclamation mark'
'you don't even deserve a full stop'
I feel like that is the most insulting thing I can do to them
when I'm angry at someone, I don't use proper grammar in my texts
ps if you give me any spoilers I will END YOU
also I'm obsessed with Frankie and if he ever leaves I'm going to give up on everything
I don't know exactly how it happened but I'm obsessed with Big Brother
the best and worst advice I have ever gotten will be the 'just shut off the feelings'. yeah well fuck whoever told me that
what a shitty day
I need to stop fucking crying seriously
also, ok not into sunlight at the moment. to bright
I'm at the doctors and I've come by myself and I'm terrified right now. mum where are you halp
RT @earthtomaddie: I'd be the most annoying person to sleep next to let's be real
I'm getting to angry about this. you're all going to think that I really am on codeine but IM NOT FUCK IM STILL REALLY MAD
i just want to do something really offensive to him that's going to bring shame to his family. if I could id impregnate his daughter
I don't think I've ever been so angry about something
FUCK YOU DUDE. FUCK. YOU.
I was barely keeping it together and he just came up and was like 'Suzanne. we will not sell to you. you should leave before I call cops'
DO I LOOK LIKE A PERSON WITH A DRUG PROBLEM?! REALLY!!? CAUSE IF YOURE SCARED OF ME, DONT GO OUTSIDE ASIAN MAN YOU WILL HAVE A HEART ATTACK
i just want to call that chemist and abuse the shit out of him. it took all I had to not slap him on the spot when he refused me rudely
I asked my old boss what the deal was and he just said 'don't go to that pharmacy again'. ROBERT THAT DOESNT HELP ME RIGHT NOW
like. how dare you seriously. I'm in pain and you threaten to call the cops on me for a product I haven't bought in, what? 7 months?
SO. FUCKING. MAD.
mind you, the last time I bought this medication was NOVEMBER LAST YEAR WHILE I WORKED AT A FUCKING PHARMACY SO FUCK YOU ASIAN MAN
NO YOU IGNORANT FUCK. IM KNOWN FOR HAVING MIGRAINES YOU FUCKING ASS HOLE. how fucking dare you
and the pharmacist fucking refused me and threatened to call the cops because apparently I was known to 'shop' for codeine
I went to the chemist here to buy PainStop for Kids over the counter drugs tonight for my migraines that I get occasionally
I'm mega pissed right now
RT @flula: Haiku: Back to School

Bye bye, Summer Times
Time to dump Facts into Brains
(for Tests and Quizzles)

- f|u|a (Fluku Nr. 802)
RT @chestersee: Cliffhangers are
just want to go back to bed dammit
Jesse McCartney is still a god
RT @Caspar_Lee: Currently trying to explain socialmedia to some older ppl. We've been doing it for the last 4 hours and haven't gotten past…
RT @thisisdeklan: Don't disturb @caaitydouglas on Thursdays please. http://t.co/ZvZFiHyDb5
RT @danisnotonfire: you are all collectively miss trunchbull
RT @danisnotonfire: if you find kids annoying you have no soul they're so innocent and carefree
I sing this song to myself at least once a day
don't cry don't cry don't cry don't cry
@kaitlanmcgill you should be embarrassed
josh wade is following me so hey there josh how are ya mate
this is the most fun I've had doing an assessment task
so I'm nailing this planning a lesson assignment. just thought you should all know
RT @tbhjuststop: thats not very bae of you
you can have my heart love, you don't have to steal anymore.
RT @ytuberupdates: Tyler Oakley wants to put his thingy in Connor Franta's thingy
nad: suzie gets attached really easily
Taylor: get fucked are you kidding me she's doesn't even like u yet and she's known u for 6months
Taylor you're a funny bastard. thank you
why is it that when I want to stay up and talk, no one is awake
laughing because people don't realize I can hear them making a drug deal outside my room. you stupid fucks
RT @Real_Liam_Payne: That moment when your watching bad neighbours and your band gets a mention ahaaaa
RT @DoctorPug: health tip if u hav a frownie eats a brownie
@omgchloe just be glad it isn't you
@omgchloe white dad alert (I'm kidding that  the best thing I've seen all day)
RT @omgchloe: dad stood in front of mum's car cameras when she reversed and http://t.co/MuW2DunB7T
just spent a couple of hours on the phone to a guy. it was nice and friendly. no sexual comments. just talking.
RT @troyesivan: 'Soon' is a normal word in the English language and every time I say it you all act like I'm cursing a puppy or something c…
RT @Zach_Garry: STOP GIVING THE WESTBORO BAPTIST CHURCH THE ATTENTION/PUBLICITY THEY WANT. i want to be around them so bad just so i can ig…
okay maybe not for ever but rant over for now
okay rant over
get some perspective, get a real job or go to college-I don't care. but don't just fucking live off your parents all your life
there is gonna be hard work in your life. you can't expect everyone to fucking fall to their knees every time you accomplish something
people who think the world is going to be kind to them shit me off. do some hard work for once in your sheltered life and be realistic
im super into hairless cats
I'm still so fancy
@kaitlanmcgill lol never gonna forget that. I'll bring it up at your wedding
@kaitlanmcgill but just a reminder, you did
@kaitlanmcgill yeah just block it out thats what i do.
@kaitlanmcgill oh like we didnt see that coming
@kaitlanmcgill you just wasted a fantastic opportunity
@kaitlanmcgill I hope you liked him
@kaitlanmcgill that is a fucking win
@kaitlanmcgill tinder is great fun
they are lace ups and I wont be leaving for another at least 8 hours
I wont take my shoes off because I know I will have to put them back on when I take people to clubs tonight
I just out lazy'd myself
if anyone is mean to me today, I'm just going to vomit on them
RT @tbhjuststop: guilty of this http://t.co/uJkKP99Twm
RT @joshwadecomedy: 8am on Saturday - first thoughts "Some People are shit and I hate the world"
It's gonna be a good weekend. Fuckin oath.…
nope not feeling this rain
it's raining get fucked
lol excuse you that is my home town if anything you're coming out with me. you're the tourist. bit me
this guy is like 'you should come out with us on Saturday night in airlie'
t-shirt and jeans kinda day
why am I this stupid
I'm still procrastinating an assignment that's due in an hour
I'm just kinda pissed off all the time
I can be romantic if I want to be
how come the person I want attention from won't give it to me, but the person I don't want to speak with won't stop talking to me
I mean, a pretty good job considering I've watched three YouTube videos about all this in my entire life.
it's fun cause I get to do hair and make up for girls before they go out to dinner and clubs and I think I'm doing a pretty good job
so apparently I'm hair and make up person now in my building which is super inaccurate cause I know nothing about either but it's fun
there is always a few people I will always have a little crush on.
depressed and cuddle up in my sheets waiting for Ben to come and comfort me
it's is against the system (uni) #happybirthdayclarebear 🐻clare_1995 http://t.co/zAwzSkV9DV
just feeling super angry today
its midnight and im procrastinating so its time for some michael buble
and also? go fuck yourself
if i like it, im going to continue to like it despite you. I dont care about your opinion ever please leave.
umm excuse you rude person. I've liked them since I was like 15. I don't care if you think its hipster or mainstream
okay so someone laughed at me today when i said that daisy's were my favorite kind of flower
@chanellecassidy dude i hate to un retweet it and then retweet it because it applies to me so good that everyone needs to read it again
im quitting teaching and opening a club called wonderland
and its gonna be trippy as fuck
RT @flula: Tuna: If you smelled more better, I think we would hang it out much more together. #ButYouDoNot #SoPleaseStayIn #YourCan
if you're still using 'lol' and it's not ironically, we are going to have some relationship problems.
the smell has taken over my entire room and it's really not pleasant in the slightest
my feet smell so bad and I just thought you all had the right to know
IM OBSESSED WITH FLULA
I'm literally just walking around my building in a towel waiting for my hair to finish and everyone who hates can go jump #15minutesleft
nothing cuter than Grace and Mamrie talking to puppies. they melt and i just aww
YOUVE BEEN PRANKED
we are here in Texas, we ain't gonna talk to our ex's 
those mother fuckers can suck our dicks
my favorite thing to rap is the ex's and Texas rap that Mamrie and Grace did
just recently I've had this ephianey that everyone is beautiful and its freaked me out because i am no that profound in real life
RT @Zach_Garry: i need to study and be productive but i really just wanna make cookies
god damn I hope this is true http://t.co/dBdWZxPqN8
@kaitlanmcgill you find a dad or a older brother and ask them to do it for you.
kinda feeling the maze right now. they got this cool like strokes meet kooks sound? I think that's the best way to describe it. idk
well my good deed for the day is done.
I'm spending money today and I'm feeling great because I have money and I can buy these things and not feel guilty. love love love
RT @foster_dawg: Every time I write an essay... 📝 https://t.co/VDa2GbHsOZ
I want food but that requires getting out of bed so I'm going to go hungry for a little while longer
I'm so ducking happy that I'm in shock right now
OMG MONNNNNNNNNEYN😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
RT @petewentz: I will be the sole driver. Pizza flavored air freshener... Should I get a kickstarter going for this or what?
people with unrealistic expectations annoy this shit out of me. get some perspective.
RT @hashtagemilie: nobody cares about how drunk you were. it's been like 4 days. please shut up.
so I've been procrastinating. not just uni work but also just life in general
THATS HOW YOU PLAY TINDER!
RT @JohnFeldy: I look way better naked in my head than I do in a photo
ps this is scary. but also hella fun
I hope the students just continue to ignore my existence for a while longer
RT @kaitlanmcgill: you pooped in the refrigerator? and you ate a whole wheel of cheese? heck I ain't even mad. that's amazing.
y'all gonna make me lose my mind
my fave photo of the night goes to this artwork http://t.co/NCDGnJDKUZ
we are not friends if you don't like my insta photos.
selfie central over here
tired is just part of my personality by now
RT @Miles_Teller: I wish I could call my car keys
so bored that I may just go on tinder and say yes to everyone
@joshwadecomedy hey loser how you been
RT @hazandstuff: "relationship status: slept with laundry I was too lazy to fold"
RT @Zach_Garry: i like music that makes me feel like i could take over the world
now im just watching josh wade and getting drunk. and i know who im going to be having sex dreams about tonight,
"i'm going to be putting up regular videos for you guys". YAH ALRIGHT JOSH WADE. COME BACK DUDE I MISS YOU YOU FUCKER
omg does it really matter that much what people think of nash. idgaf get it off my dash
@chanellecassidy @miikkkaaaa WE NEED TO MEET SO WE CAN TAKE SOME DAMN SELFIES AND DRINK SOME DAMN BEVERAGES AND HAVE A DAMN GOOD TIME
well that's a first damn
I need a prize or something
In bed at 9 pm. wow suzie don't party to hard
RT @MaskettaBraden: 🚌
@chanellecassidy I appreciate you buddy
@chanellecassidy as I got chu
I can always count on @chanellecassidy to like my insta photo because real friends support each other.
@unitedvexations hey loser
ill
@jameslikesfood I do genuinely enjoy it.
@jameslikesfood kind of in love with your dp because I'm a uni student and I just feel goon. okay? okay
dear god lord help me
lol oops. got my boys mixed around so that text I just sent is going to come off badly.
also! on the maccas trip I talk to @chanellecassidy so that was cute
we started watching doctor who and then ended up playing kings cup and then we both passed out because I drank lots
he's a ducking cutie
it's cold and I'm hungover and Aidan is still in my bed
RT @pakalupapito: if you were a fruit you'd be fineapple
@miikkkaaaa I want to call you and chat
RT @ThomasBleach: "Go ahead, rip my heart out, If you think that's what love's all about"
@chanellecassidy what a perfect way to spend a Saturday afternoon. I'm hoping I will get a drunk phone call from you.
@chanellecassidy isn't it a bit early?
@chanellecassidy drinking what
sad
mega pissed
so umm. yeah. fuck everything
so now he is going with a group of people and they forgot about me
told callum we should go to the pub
@miikkkaaaa why do you hate me
@chanellecassidy you're very welcome now RUN AWAY BABY
@chanellecassidy youre amazing just the way you are
@miikkkaaaa IM SORRY NY LOVE UPSETS YOU
@miikkkaaaa IM SORRY
@miikkkaaaa I just really fucking love you fuck
@kaitlanmcgill because baby
@miikkkaaaa ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘❤️😘❤️
@miikkkaaaa IM SO PROUD YOU GO GIRL CONGRATS I LOVE YOU YOU DA SHIT GUR;\L
sometimes i cant see where grace heibig will go with a sentence and its why i keep watching and watching and watching
@kaitlanmcgill did you actually name a sim after luke so you too can make babies
I'm too drunk for eight pm I legit can't feel my face
RT @brandoncorby: Slept in a bit. But it was needed. Now all I need is coffee, sugar and probably a bagel
https://t.co/yFEM5AyIvf
@chanellecassidy I'm so angry right now that I literally see red. how dare you
@chanellecassidy NO I DONT KNOW
@chanellecassidy god
@chanellecassidy like who the fuck are you man
@chanellecassidy I'm angry that you would even suggest sadness
@chanellecassidy how the fuck can you be sad about that
RT @chanelpuke: this http://t.co/sEivusKXEu
sitting with a bunch of nerds. and I'm not joking or being stereotypical but they are talking about robots.
I don't think you're ready for this jelly
RT @chelseaa_ryann: HOW THE EFF DO YOU WORK OUT ONLINE CLASSES I DONT UNDERSTAND
I really just follow Tyler Oakly so I can giggle because my god if he isn't the greatest queen we have then fuck me dead
RT @edsheeran: It's also in like every single supermarket so grab one when you go and get eggs and milk x
RT @harto: @JimsTweetings DAMMIT, JIM. I WILL NEVER NOT NOTICE THIS NOW.
RT @JimsTweetings: Eating food whilst wearing headphones sounds weird.
I DONT WANT TO TALK ABOUT THIS CAUSE IM RIGHT AND YOUR WRONG AND WE ALL KNOW IT
WHY DO PEOPLE BRING UP TOPICS THAT OBVIOUSLY UPSET SOMEONE. AKA ME. FUCK.
RT @boburnham: And they sit at the jar and put jars in my jar and say 'Jar, what are jar jarrin' jar?'
https://t.co/akunHX1SOK yeah same girl
my feet hurt like a mother fucker
I don't like being manger no thanks
RT @chelseaa_ryann: If they make me play the ‘get to know the person next to you’ game at uni today, I swear I’m walking out.
guy: is it weird that I hear trumpets when you're turning me on 
me: yes you need to get that checked out it could be cancer
RT @xocasssie: BACKSTREETS BACK ALRIGHT
RT @troyesivan: damn https://t.co/Kc2iQGE7HH
RT @chelseaa_ryann: QLD QLD QLD QLD QLD QLD QLD QLD QLD
RT @JimsTweetings: Just had a good old Tumblr cat .gif session. And now I couldn't possibly be any happier!
there is no women who is better than my mum #shoutouttomum you go girl
mum: are you going to get out of bed tomorrow? 
me: probably not 
mum: that's what I thought
how sad is that
cats pictures really do cheer me up
RT @zachbraff: Friends don't let friends use "bae".
RT @zachbraff: Autocorrect changes "bae" to "bad". Not an accident.
RT @zachbraff: What is "bae" and how do we stop it?
oh fuck off you're kidding me right
RT @PortableShua: I love Salad and by that I mean dressing
I know I keep rt stuff but there is just so much funny today
RT @tyleroakley: if oxygen masks fall down during the flight I'm helping him put his on before I do my own - I don't CARE ABOUT RULES he de…
RT @tyleroakley: 😍 he hasn't acknowledged my existence at all - I love when hot guys play hard to get 😍
RT @Sethrogen: The only real negative repercussion of being famous is it's harder to do shrooms in public.
RT @ColtonLHaynes: John Green...ur the coolest person in the world. I don't know u personally, but u r the coolest person in the entire wor…
RT @chanelpuke: 'pick it up.'

'i picked it up last time.'

'it was your idea to have it.'

'fuck off' http://t.co/zJE6Ji2Jup
RT @Caspar_Lee: I like being in America because Monday happens later here.
Yzma! put your hands in the air!
god damn you body clock let me sleep
RT @chanelpuke: Rare photo of me at the beach http://t.co/PmjweAi5V3
RT @troyesivan: your name is just a noise that your parents liked the sound of and then you identify with it for the rest of your life life…
got on to twitter and people are hating on Lana. and it makes me feel better about my life and life choices. #metooguys
need http://t.co/jyGYJIEGYA
I spend too much time in bed, watching doctor who.
@lordjoseph_ it really doesn't get any better at all
@lordjoseph_ loath it even
@lordjoseph_ you'll hate it.
@chanellecassidy HAHAHAHA SORRY BBY
@chanellecassidy BAD
4:30am starts are beginning to murder my soul
@lordjoseph_ you do, until the third season
haven't laughed at a snapchat this long I'm forever http://t.co/NXh1kRgmtR
@kaitlanmcgill dewd
@lordjoseph_ there is so much talent I could throw up
@lordjoseph_ how's Shakespeare night going for you
@lordjoseph_ hey loser nice account
also I smell like soap right now and I'm absolutely okay with this.
why did I stop listening to short stack my god. they just make me happy. #punkishlife
boom.
we dance to a different DIS CO HONEY
@chanellecassidy luv u
@chanellecassidy hahahahahhahhaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha lol
@chanellecassidy girl you gotta up your game
I'm so fancy
I don't like it here because I can't go into town in just my pjs and that hurts more than anything else.
RT @tbhjuststop: i feel like i'm going to be that aunt who drinks vodka straight out of the bottle and ruins christmas
I thought I could sleep off my bad feelings but I woke up still sad.
this is my official statement. I'm giving up on guys. they fuck with you're head and I'm done. if I complain again, remind me of this please
I got all dolled up to go out but had to cancel. I'm upset. greatly so.
@chanellecassidy ARGHHHHHHH
@chanellecassidy I'LL RUIN IT FOREVER THOUGH KNOWING MY LUCK
@chanellecassidy I've been thinking of doing that myself actually. but I'm just too scarred
a little party never killed no body
I'm basically just living for the next season of doctor who so
RT @JoshThomas87: The taxi driver doesn't realize I can hear him mumbling every lyric to this One Direction song.
RT @realjohngreen: Dear Hollywood pros asking me how to build authentic communities: DO YOU KNOW THE DEFINITION OF AUTHENTIC? Fox just let …
@miikkkaaaa @chanellecassidy ex oh ex oh
I just went through my twitter mentions and it's all just @chanellecassidy and @miikkkaaaa. that's it. damn gurls.
so cold today
hold me
bacon bacon bacon
sorry. drunk.
RT @AnselElgort: Okay?
I DONT GOT TIME FOR YOUR SHIT BUDDY
also why is it that every time I start talking to a guy he asks for a damn threesome. go be fucking horny somewhere else. no.
also. potato should be counted as a fucking meal or something. I love it. everyone loves it
I have at least six right now
just: bruises everywhere
RT @mametown: More like SCENTsible heels, ammiright??........... My feet stink.
RT @zachbraff: Didn't he already successfully train his dragon?
you are the definition on rude
RT @willdarbyshire: hahaha http://t.co/nxLTeQYliC
but the owner loves me
my manager is out to get me.
back at work! and kinda loving it.
seriously all I can think about right now is bacon.
we go together or we don't go down at all
this guy I'm talking to calls me chicky. and I love it.
CAT
RT @AlexAllTimeLow: I want to slap you with bacon. 🐷
wow so I guess some people never grow up.
I could never ship anything more than zach and donald. god damn boys #WishIWasHere #GuyLove
my mum uses heat protector spray for the use of her hair dryer. how cute is that?!?
@chanellecassidy there are just so many to chose from
@chanellecassidy like, how many times can a watch each episode before it get ridiculous? apparently infinity
@chanellecassidy I just can't stop
how much of the Office can I watch before I die thinking about Kevin
hey hey you you I don't like your girlfriend
so I actually had fun last night with the uni crew. I didn't know what to expect tbh but my girls can really drink!
ps. the hat I'm wearing is fucking adorable
this is my official education best friend http://t.co/i9x6bvEbS4
why do people tell me to be more positive? like that's gonna change anything.
@ShaunDiviney yeah maybe this year you'll win. lol. #qld
hey girl hey
okay where is the bacon. you can't claim to have a hot breakfast and not have bacon.
@joshwadecomedy thanks for the shoutout! see you next time you're in Airlie mate.
@smell_ellie I go home on Sunday, and I'm there till like, July 1st
I just watched the video i posted last night and it wasn't just the drunk, its fucking great
@smell_ellie it will be because it is one day closer to us being together again!
the only way i can describe Louis Tomlinson is super confident with his sexuality or gay
Dear Hannah Hart,
There is only 9years difference in our age. Age is just a number and in my country we could get drunk together #australia
i cant feel my face right now
Hannah Hart makes me seriously reconsider my sexuality
If I met Hannah Hart, I would no doubt just straight up be flamboyantly homosexual.
god damn. fucking hannah hart. I don't know how, but in a matter of days, I've completely fallen in love with you. You punny bastard.
fucking grace
fucking mamrie
still fucking laughing omg
tell them they've got small dicks
YOU'VE GOT SMALL DICKS
i dont know if this wine has gotten me really drunk, or if this video is actually fall to the ground laugh worthy https://t.co/oIZpG8WzI4
yeah cool suzie. leave you're huge ass assignment for the last 12 hours. because it's humanly possible for you to do that. totes.
just realised there is a high percentage that I could fail two subjects. and I already want to die.
RT @gracehelbig: New word: Nocturn(t)al - right tweens!? #acceptme
so I have been appreciating peoples booty's more as of lately
RT @JackTaylorrr: Goon
I have another assignment to do and I just don't feel like it
I'm still tired. ugh.
RT @troyesivan: I regret everything
can i block people in real life? cause id like that. no. you cant see me. i cant see you. no no. no no no.
ugh ugh ugh
there is many reasons I think you're a piece of shit, and your immaturity is the main one. gtfu
telling a guy how to turn the other girl he is seeing on is not what I call fun
ps. just got 24 hrs of being awake. not super fun tbh
wow things for weird last night.
is it weird that I'm slightly turned on by Zac Efron in a dress and tights, dancing? cause I am. and I'm confused by it.
IM WIDE AWAKE.
dick pics are funny in theory but in real life it's just scary.
is it okay for me to refer to someone as 'the sneaky bastard' in my history essay?
almost $17 for postage. I'm not crying but I am laying face down on my carpet.
grace helbig I hope you know what I have to go through for this book. $35 means I can't drink for almost 4 weeks. I hate Australia.
GRACE WROTE A BOOK. WHAT WAT WHY DIDNT I KNOW I HAVE TO PRE ORDER IT RIGHT THIS MOTHER FUCKING SECOND
@miikkkaaaa girl if you feel it just retweet it.
that was probs not something I should share. sorry. #noimnot
why are teachers so hot. like fuck me. (pls?)
I don't get a kick out of every bodies misfortune, just yours!
I'm now too awake to sleep but too sleepy to be awake
I got two hours of sleep before the damn fire alarm went off.
if your mum has twitter, I'm gonna follow her. and in gonna love it.
Shae came to my room and I've stopped doing my assignment. i hadn't gotten as far as I wanted and now I'm really sad and stressed.
I wan hook my brother up with Mamrie Hart
I cannot wait for this damn month to be over. I have four assignments to do in 10 days.
RT @chanelpuke: i don’t know what i am doing with my life or my hair
oh hello stress, old friend.
let's waste time chasing cars
my parents came to visit me this weekend, and I know it's not very punk rock of me to have enjoyed it this much.
I want scrambled eggs. yes I'm aware now is not a sensible time for this request but fuck it. I'm only 19 for 365 days.
fact: I get really aggressive and result to threatening after 1am
my ultimate goal is to fucking crush you into making you feel as shit as you've made me feel you bitch
RT @ciaranobrien: @JackHoward would you say you are a strong role model? Or more a sort of important public mentor? http://t.co/4SOssYNz5V
@miikkkaaaa I know I'm still devastated
and mum is not gonna like my response to my email. oh no she aint!
heaven forbid I want to live my own life
uni is stupid let's all not go
RT @hankgreen: My Twitter feed is 92% #TFiOSMusic
I know that I should do assignments  because I have two due next week but I just don't wanna
@miikkkaaaa when I come to Brisbane again in a couple of weeks we are going to meet up for coffee
@thefragile_ no one is more adorable than you
@chanellecassidy suck it up princess. if I think you're perfect I'm gonna tell you
@chanellecassidy shut up you're perfect I hate you
I wish I was famous so that Zach Braff would tweet me back when i drunk tweet him every now and then
@thefragile_ you're adorable
@miikkkaaaa i also stalked you and I think we should be best friends so i can get cuddles and we could complain about uni/life together.
@chanellecassidy okay so i just lurked you on fb and my god you are stunning
I need a nap please
look I did a thing. doing this stuff makes me so happy. http://t.co/1U2u61tsg9
im happy to be a secretary all my youth at a shitty company if it means I'll meet my own Jim
I still ship pam and jim super hard
RT @willdarbyshire: kanye don't have time for no one
so not to be a downer or anything but I'm not so good
my anxiety has kept me awake all night and it's four am and I'm still up and I'm about to just give up on everything
video games stress me the fuck out
Shae: I want to be gay, is there a pill or something i can take?
every time I get drunk I end up tweeting Zach Braff because I think it's hilarious, and every morning I wake up and go 'fuck no not again'
I just realized how few people I actually respect. there are like ten of you. ten people. that's it. w o w.
I can't even sum up the energy to be witty tonight.
I need to stop being strange and awkward. Sorry to everyone who has to deal with ma shit
@miikkkaaaa @chanellecassidy yeah neither i miss my girlies
Is it too much to ask that I get an anon ask on tumblr once every 6 years.
I'm in love with my lecturer this is so bad omg
RT @joejonas: Sorry for what I said when I was hungry.
Corey I swear to god if you keep picking on me in never coming to class again
dreamt about cats last night. t'was a night to remember.
I have 166 follows on tumblr. that's incredible.
me: this photo is gonna be big 
shae: it's gonna be big! it's gonna go on Sunrise!
shae no get down http://t.co/NTUix89xcO
they are just having so much fun its so cute https://t.co/JOX0ymq9Wd
I'm not ready to be 20 year old me yet.
wow things have surely changed in this last year. 18 year old me was an idiot. thank god for 19 year old me.
I'm trying really hard to not get cranky right now
I love his personality, i love his songs. I love him. I am scared of him, and if i ever saw him in person i'd hide. But i do love him
I do. I love him.
I fucking love Kanye
watching @jackhoward lololololol
wow its been like a week since i tweeted
i need to do more
@flowerbeauty hello! I'm from Australia, and I was wondering how I could go about buying Flower Beauty products?
our teacher wants to do a personal evaluation with me about my assignment and im FREAKING THE FUCK OUT WHAT DID I DO SHIT HELP
you really cant tumble in class.
and to think, I thought you had grown up. guess not.
I want to block your ass but that would be immature and heaven forbid i give you any satisfaction.
I love George Michael.
lol nah
maybe I should do my assignment
seriously I'm so bored. baby sitting is easy
I've got myself on a budget of $20 per week for the next like 5/6 weeks. let's see how this goes.
@miikkkaaaa hey girl I'm mere
@miikkkaaaa OKAYOKAYOKAY
@miikkkaaaa I get back tomorrow afternoon!
@miikkkaaaa OMG WHAT IM BOT THERE IM BACK IN AIRLIE BEACH. NO NO NO. HOW LONG WERE YOU THERE FOR. ARE YOU COMING BACK?
@miikkkaaaa Brisbane? or rockhampton?
@miikkkaaaa no way!!!!!
@miikkkaaaa CQU babe
this hay fever is killing me fuck
RT @zachbraff: I'm so pissed my "Lovers List" got leaked: http://t.co/09RLEFB0wI
RT @danisnotonfire: what is the Sun's favourite pick-up line? 'hey babe you look like you need some VITAMIN D! *thrusts*'
RT @batwoman5sos: liam is gonna die in the next video http://t.co/kaDtooKN3b
also, I took a really cute picture on my iPad and now I want it on ma twitter but I don't know hoooooow
she also need a to stop referring to herself in third person.
I just look so drunk. sober suzie is disappointed in drunken loner suzie. suzie needs to get her shit together.
like damn girl why am I so drunk all the time and why do I take these photos.
drunk me is hilarious. like what is this picture even http://t.co/UcFZhkFFwC
callum: do you wanna build a snowman? 
me: no
callum: bitch
they all just got really sexy https://t.co/rTdoDmoDxN
The thing about hugging Nate is that he is so tall and smells so good you kinda forget where you are and what time it is
god fucking dammit @mametown is fucking perfect. Im just sitting here with my mouth open because she is per fect fuck me
@chanellecassidy I'm so freaking excited!
@chanellecassidy do my make up for funzies when I go to Brisbane for Arctic  monkeys/my cousins 18th
RT @chanelpuke: stop taking pictures of your legs in a bath
RT @tbhjuststop: why do white girls walk in odd numbers? 

because they can't even
why am I clubbing on a Wednesday night you ask? well I have. no fucking clue. this is stupid
Taylor's house mates are ducking stupid
@thefragile_ miss you baby 😘
RT @tyleroakley: me today https://t.co/7rkx6S0Azz
also, I baby sat my cousins and the youngest one high jacked my car and almost killed me
I dreamt about baby ducks last night and I could talk to them. I don't know what that tells you about me,
i illegally watched camp takota which inspired an obsession with @gracehelbig videos and she has guilted me into buying it.
I'm getting sick of your bull shit attitude
but seriously i need to be in brisbane rn ball park music are going to do a free show and im not there to see it this is a terrible day
hahahahahahahahahahahhahahaahhahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahaahahhahaahballparkmusictweetedkaitlanandnowwearebothfangirlinghahahahahahahfuck
its been so long since ive had a crush on somebody that i dont think i'll even realise the next time I get one,
RT @thisisdeklan: I am the worst person in the world.
I need to stop swearing. it's not lady like
I'm sorry but why are guys such fucking morons?
6:02 and I fucking nailed it shit yeah
probably not but stick around to fund out!
will I make it to six am?
okay. it's 5:56 and I'm getting sleepy
@fepucevucaa no don't do that. I thought someone in really life wanted to talk to me. don't promote things.
so umm, fuck you dude
I want everyone to know that I am still wide awake at this time of 5:52am and it's because of the dailygraces videos and the sun has risen
bonnie is such a fucking drama queen fuck
like seriously what's the fucking point
and aggressively tweeting someone who will never see these tweets
someone really needs to help me I'm just crying and throwing things.
how can I respect myself when you degraded me through our entire time together.
@miikkkaaaa help me I'm crying
I can't date anyone anymore and fuck yes I'm blaming you you piece of shit
I hate that you screwed me over so completely and I hate that you blamed me for it and I fucking hate that I wasted my time on your shit
FUCK I JUST REALLY HATE YOU
you're the reason I can't trust people anymore
you are the reason I don't talk to people anymore
I'm not even going to say sorry.
I fucking fuck fuckity fuck fuck hate you
like who knew I could feel such a burning hatred. not me!
it's ridiculous how much I fucking hate you
no thanks
this power outage would be fine if it wasn't for the fact that I don't have any booze in the house.
if i ever start a band, im going to make sure we follow in the foot steps of OK GO https://t.co/KnAMAuyaXn
