Pretti_Brown91
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3716842832/17ae75a69322490624589e369a717398_400x400.jpeg
I been having to pee since like 2oclock!
But i will
Don't wanna go to jail
Bitches smh boa!
This headache tho ....
I'll never be a fool
People like what they like tho
Know the difference between ride or die and stupid
My boys.Christmas.gone be a1
Its dry asf
Just up
They don't know about us
Happy birthday tee tee baby Jace
Haven't been on here in a minute
Shitted on"em.....lbs
@corisicabattle KEEP MY NAME OUT CHO MOUF. OFF FACEBOOK. STOP FOLLOWINGG ME ON HERE.
@_ThaPoet_ Yea he was I love you baby
Start work next week
Ima do right by Kahlia
I love my lil squad
Mahogany is becoming my Bestfriend =)
Ima give it to Kahlia Ass mannnnn
Rest easy Tre...
My kids gone be good if it kills me.
Looking to put Chris in a day care
Missin Kahlia
Mya Gary is so pretty
Finna smash this food eb Cooked
Shorty took one for the team
http://t.co/PiFaRDuLZI
Im clownin so tf what tho
When im solo im cuttin up
Khalia a HUGE upgrade
I be like no she ain't smh fuck you tho
Mufuckas be like why did you ever mess wit her she ugly
I dgaf who you mess wit lbs
Bow down bitches
KEEP DOWN GRADING SMH
Im here to remind you that shyt aint sweet
No Bestfriends No exes Nobody fuck all y'all
All i rock wit is family
Idgaf about no outsiders.!
Fuck boyz
Thats what yall call loyal in Gary? O ok
Smh that bitch aint tre cousin oml
Didn't stay at the hospital wit my baby &amp; Didnt come to his funeral
My brother was in the car wit ol dude and he left my bro hangin man
Tre hung wit some bitch ass niggas oms
I'll never forget my baby Tre tho
They like my brothers.now
Mushca and Kj
I love my lil cousins them my babies
Whole time she a thotianna smh
Idgaf what i say
But aye smh
We winning ova here
Ol girl you fuckin wit ate my bitch pussy ctfu ask her bout it.
Im gone get that bitch too
In need of a REST IN PEACE TRE tat across my chest
Smh all bad
Khalia got my ass open doe
Its a good feeling
The feeling of being single
First stop #Tregrave
Turn up ctfu
My baby(my car) finally gettin fixed
@Tha_Future1 Ctfu hellllll nawww (tre voice) You good cuz you kno i always got chu
@Tha_Future1 I LOVE YOU TOO BABY. WE ALL WE GOT CUZ THESE MUFUCKAS SNAKES CUZ
RIP TRE BUGGS I LOVE YOU LIL BRO
RT @Tha_Future1: Family ova errthing..r.I.p tre buggs
@Tha_Future1 Shyt coolin trynna get Tre tatted on my chest wyo?
RT @Tha_Future1: Fuck errbody only rockin wit my day 1 niggas fym...
IM ROCKIN WIT MY BLOOD BROTHER TRE STILL.#TREWORLD
Mufuckas in gary aint loyal and they hate on you on the low wit they dirty ass
Mufuckas bet not get caught slippin!
Fuck everybody else oms
We loved him most
His sisters and lil kenny mushca and kj and nia
In the end my brother had nobody but his family there and nia
PEOPLE KILL ME
No girl was there for my brother but NIA
&amp; All these girls claiming him where was all these people when he was on his death bed pronunced dead
#NONEWFRIENDS
So tired of EVERYBODY sayin they Tre cousin #thestruggle
How could you ever be hurt but didnt come to tre funeral and left him @ the hospital by his self?
Ugh
Let me call her &amp; see what she doin i cant wait to see my bae
I love Kahlia ctfu thats my baby...&amp; You good Bby D. I'ma still keep my distance.
I love when my bae say "bet it up"
Thats my baby K.N.N
I got nothing but good things to say about her. Tre would be shocked if knew i was dating her lbvs
My bae acts just like Tre i be wanting to cry smh but she always tell me ima do u right i fucked wit tre.
I guess when she get out here we'll go to the movies and enjoy eachother ;-)
Finna cake wit my babe She cracks me tf up...i love ending my night otp wit her.
It will NEVER be US again. YOU PLAYED ME ND I GAVE YOU WAYY TOO MUCH OF ME.
Almost time for my 6 week check up. That was quick.
Its still fuck you, dont get it confused.
Finna call my bae bck.! We in this shyt..K&amp;K, she the type of bytch dat dont believe the hype.! I fucks wit ha
Could of sworn my mama name was too-too.! Wait, im giving you too much energy. MOVINNNN ON.!
Wait you showed Tiffani my txt messages 4 what? O you still following me 4 what? O ok
Used to date only out of spite, now i gotta bitch dats down and i aint fuckin dat up
Yea, its official. We threw.
I love me some her K.n.n.
I waited a long time to be with another girl &amp; im rockin wit my baby.
Excited about my baby comin home
You not cuz you still worried about what the fuck im doin. You done wit me nd its mutual dummy lbs ugh gn
Why even keep goin back and forth when i can block you on here as well.! You dnt fuck wit, unfollow me
Not even finna continue to waste my time and energy you beneits me none tf kill yaself.
WHO MORE DIRTIER THAN YOU.! BITCH I KNOW I KNOW THE REAL YOU LBVFS
Ctfuuuuu these bitches MAD.!!!!!!!!!!!! NAW BITCH I AINT TIRED OF CHASIN JUST NOT CHASIN YO WACK ASS.!
Finna change my number...i cant nd let me stop waistin my energy finna blow one for Tre.
Im good my kids good i got a girlfriend im happy. Thats all you need to kno. Na unfollow me.
If you dont fuck wit me nd you done wit me hit that unfollow button oml
I wonder do ppl ever get tired of the same drama.? Im ova that shyt
Finna call my baby i gotta tell her about this goofy as shyt smh
Just had a good convo wit mooohog na waitin on jessica
Textin my boo thang....she so f'in sexy oms
Never beef wit bitches who aint got shyt to loose smh #thestruggle
Mufuckas hated to see my happy but dont trip, she wasnt the only one. Try again.
Bitches be like 'i aint worried' but got a whole ass restraining order on you smh #thestruggle
Im petty but soooooo idgaf HELLOOO WORLDDD CTFU
Rest in peace Baby..I love you Tre. See you soon.
Everything i did was with my brother now everything im doin is for my brother
Trynna do better cuz thats what tre would have wanted.
Excited about going back to Work.! S/o to my daycare babies i cant wait.
The best feeling in the world is watching your haters face cuz they kno you happy ctfu
Singin &amp; Dancin {I like my kisses down low}
Whats that thing called.? O yea Karma.
Me nd mine good. Smh people on guthrie are miserable. But i can understand why.
I can already see shyt finna get nasty otg.!
I thank god for my girlfriend. I cant wait for my baby 25th birthday.! Turn up
Stack these hoes up before the summer get here
Havent been to the pub in like a year.! Im geeked and ready for tonight.!
I miss my brother Tre
Forgot what its like to cuddle -_-
No matter how i think we gro you always seem to let me kno this aint workin
You let go and i let go too
Im not finna cook for vanessa im tired Lbs i got something she can eat tho lbs
Keep pretending You have OFFICIALLY been REPLACED.!!!
Welp im done tweeting for the day...i dont be on twitter like that...toodles.!
Drama free and something new = great summer &lt;3
Wondering if vanessa gone spend the night
Ctfu bitch swerve.!!
Woke up next to her =-)
Man rip tre
I only got 3 hours of sleep last nite.
All smiles =)
Ima leave you alone
Good day loves....blessed
Scary I can't......
O like I thought.
Finna go back to sleep
Dont sneak diss shyd wats good
You said holla at u when I drop my load wassup?
Not playing wit nobody kids this summer
Smh
I'm threw off
My baby so spoiled
I fuckin hate u dawg
Can't sleep
Im single and lookin....can't wait to club this saturday turn tf up
Im too loyal.to.turn my back.on u
I always got cha back no.matter what
No shade thrown...
Tht moment when you still want what's best for your ex...
Soon as i dose off i know my baby gone start crying lbs
Im not saying being wit me is the right decision
But i can't fuck wit chu until you do better
Idk why
Smh he need to feel what these sleepless nights like.
Wonder wht my babydaddy doin
Fumble &lt;3
These hoes be killing me softly
It was nothing but a lesson
Stopped stressin
I got too much to live for....
But god always show up
Sometimes i just want to give up
RT @LolaLaReina: Willing to let it go, just so you can be happy.
RT @BugattiBEEZ: Don't assume shit. Just ask me &amp; I'll tell you.
People be so blinded when they in love
Asked god to show you whats real
No drama bad bitches and lots of studs :-)
Almost ready for this summer.
Let me get this weight up off me lbs
Started my lil diet thing tonight
I know my lil Chris gone wake up one more good time
Tryin to stay up
Im ready to bang and get it ova with
Whenever you ready
Wassup
Okay in hollerin
You said holla at chu when i drop my load
In trynna see what bitches on
My chris snore so hard
Its on....
Man heal stitches heal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I could fuck you all the time......
You can duck or get wet
I like fighting
These hoes for everybody
I can't wait to get my hair braided
Hoes i meant
Ugh these goes out here look like they suck dick for a living.
You always supposed to think you the shit cuz if you don't who will?
Twenty years from now
You gone realize what you had one day...
You in love so ima let you be
Ctfuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu aye
Bitch die slow
Man im hungry..
Finally lettin go.
&amp; Thats when i woke up
Ppl say how long u gone keep chasin? She aint thinkin bout u
Im done...Seriously.
Stickin wit this idgaf attitude.
Proud of myself.
Ctfu turn up
Gonna enjoy today.
Threw off
Ughhhhhhhhhh smh
You betrayed me.
I gotta let u go.
Still finding it hard to forgive. I just cant.
I guess bein honest is askin 4 too much these days.
My son is handsome. I love him.
Neva understood why mufuckas couldnt tell me the truth.
Fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkk youuuuuuuuuuu
"@TheLifeDiaries: People change and things go wrong, but just remember life goes on."
Nite.
That didn't work i really was hurt
Usually when i cry for long periods of time ii get sleepy
Finna try to sleep
Fml
&amp; The night i can't sleep Chris knocked out smh
I can't sleep
But fuck that and ha
I would of ripped my heart out and handed ha the shit
She dont even know she just one added to the list im one lbs
Fuck these hoes
Ima dog ha ass like the rest lbs
That's deep
Shorty told my ass she been feeling me since central 10th grade smh
Thanks tho sweetie for the love
Shyt real lbs
Mufuckas was too thirsty for a fall out
Textin
@Tha_Future1 ctfu ightttttt
Im too good to people
Fuck it
Idk
Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
The more i turn my Chris on his back this nigga flips back ova
Anger management is what i need
im too the point where i wanna fight smh
I enjoy fucking wit bitches just been fuckin with the wrong bitches
Im a virgo don't fuck me over in a sweet girl
Toooooooooooooo thru
That moment when you cover up hurt with anger but idgaf
@Tha_Future1 go to bed you all in my tl damn
I feel like bein on bullshit
RT @JaVoneeeCartaye: Stop fxckin' wit me, if you ain't fxck in' wit me...
RT @JaVoneeeCartaye: That's why I be on the shxt that I be on...
Keidyn ha saving grace
Never again tho
That feeling you get when someone tell you something and you fall for it &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
So much on my mind
Aint tweeted in a minute
RT @MadeaSimmonss: Basic Hoes Say "Yeah he mess around with other girls but at the end of the day he know where his Home at" &lt;---- ho ...
Man im fucked up smh
Man shyt is real I can't deal
Cant wait to see my baby
Goodmorning
Wish he was here to rub my feet
Diamond Hughes ass thew as fuck
I had hoes too mad last night
Missing my bae:-)
Made some neckbones and cherry cool aid
The feeling of regret
Missin my baby
RT @_ThaPoet_: Wen I was born mama said I needed sumbody to play wit then 3yrs lata out cum @_TheLloydEffect ...never quest http://t.co/ ...
Felt good waking up in my baby arms
Cut off season in full effect
He do me so right never thought I would meet somebody like him
RT @IM_gORGEOUs22: I'm five months yayy!! My baby getting big!!
My boyfriend need to hurry tf up
@Cashflow_Chelly just fuck me then lol
My bae spent the night wit me
Goodmorning
I love him
Bae here
I miss my brother Tre
I can't help it tho
Bay said I shouldn't eat ice
Wish I could dye my hair
People should cherish them
I'm a good girlfriend
Fryin porkchops and makin macaroni
"He out his mind"
He told me one more baby after this one
Watching I spit on yo grave
Bae need to hurry up I miss him
Watchin friday and eatin
I love im for that
He so gentle wit me
Coolin wit my bae
Its cold af in nook crib
People really do change.!
@BUBBA_D_ Our first thanksgiving apart long way to go smh
Nook high as hell lmao trynna make spaghetti
I done ate already nd im full
Lil boo over here lookin good tho
Finna turn up wit my family in a mimute
Coolin wit nook
Pissed me clean tf off
Need my hair braided up real pretty
@_mrs_money_bags like i said i was seeing if you was talking about keenan he is my business tf you aint talkin bout shyt swoop.!
@_MRS_MONEY_BAGS you never said you was tho
its early af tho
He aint shit
My babydaddy a whole fool nd everybody think he just sooo cute smh
I try not to be bitch
Heart done got kold lbs
Ctfu
Ready for next year
I love when people tell me im pretty
She keep it so real
Time waits on nobody
I love talkin to Nook
Petty ass bitch
Shorty aint nobody mad lol im jus sayin when mufuckas gone grow
But why tho lol smh
How do you be wit somebody for 2 years y'all break up they meet somebody the same night and give them the exact thing y'all had
Cant wait til black Friday
I kinda miss you but ya thew
Bitches talkin bout they Gettin money smh yea ok
He said ima Hood rat lol
Family first
My baby daddy gets on my nerves wit his black ass
This pregnancy need to speed up real life
Too much sneak dissin for me
Was you talking about Keenan when you said cashing out at the boat.@_MRS_MONEY_BAGS
Shorty sprung smh
Chattin wit the ladies
Iont hold grudges but iont forget.
Excited about black friday
I love my sister and brothers.! Goodmorning.
I will never speak to you again. No matter what happens. Point blank.
Fuck these weak ass bitches real life....
Never thought i'd see the day when idgaf lbvs o well. I'll never look at you the same. Hate a strong wrong.
Goodmorning
@bubba_d_ did i do something wrong?
Pissed off
Fuckin wit me ima get real reckless and not gaf
Mufuckas dnt kno how to be real.
Trust and Believe me she'll never be me.
Your gonna miss my love aint nobody gon love u like i did but i aint finna let u play wit me
Finna finish aubrei hair wit a bad tude
Ugh
Just go ahead
Umm why are hoes gettin wifed up?
What about me?
Still not gone tell our secrets cuz you asked me not too even tho im pissed off
Fuck this lbs
Heartbreaks come and go i shouldnt even be mad that aint my place
Not running in the arms of my babydaddy cuz he gon say he told me
Its koo tho. Hurt like day one.
You doin everything for her that you didnt do for me!
Dnt wanna hate you...But im fucked up
Wondering why i have to suffer i didnt do anything
We came this far for nothin
Idgaf about NOBODY feelings cuz dnt nobody gaf about mine
Ima be alright spendin the day wit Aubrei
Ready to have this baby BOA
Its colder than polar bear pussy outside
Feels a lil better today
My daughter finna be 2 mad im finna do ha hair
I love my kids and im not gonna let nobody hurt them
Growing and learning
Today is a new day. Yesterday is history.
Im off here fml
I always do this to myself
RT @LickMyyTattoos: I Hate Being Lied Too.
Im good
Dang smh reality just set in but all the promises tho
Ima leave it alone after tonite
Tired of crying and trying
Feelin like im not good enough
Sleepy
Welp anutha nite by my lonesome self
Hatin ass bitches
Everybody in my inbox on fb usin the same line smh
Feeling numb
Hate bein lonely
I need another car
Thinkin bout movin back
I miss las vegas
Craving strawberries and ice cream
Need more followers
Need a buddy.
What time is it? O okay.... You said time to give her some space o cool lbs
Soooooooo where do i go from here?
Idk when ima fall in love again and i really dgaf
Ready for 2013
I feel sick
Ready to head home.
But i dnt mind
I be walking on eggshells to please u
I cant stand guthrie
Idk whats going on but dnt leave me in the dark =)
Just ate
Dat shyt dnt feel good
Why did you lead me on tho
Its hard for me not to care
Idk what ima do
Startin to not gaf
Trust &amp; Believe me your going to need me.
Checkin on me and my kid 4 months later smh
Why tf did my babydaddy call me? Wtf could u possibly want?
Just be real wit me damn
Im so aggrivated fml
Irritated with people
Just when i was ready to give up on us
Dang that felt like a knife just went thru my heart that shyt hurt
Cant wait to have my child
You dont owe me anything
Everybody feel what they feel about me cant change that.
When you left a piece of me left with you so all i kno now is play mufuckas how I was played.
People always take my kindness for weakness
Gettin pissed Tf off Smh thinkin bout cuttin my phone off for the rest of the day.
Wish i could have a drink man
Cant get mad when you KNOW your place.
RT @DeeDotDoubleU: suck doesn't it . oh well
Ima be pissed when i get a ultrasound and they tell me its a girl.
Stomach growling and a bitch aint even hungry lol for the first time
You come and rub and kiss my stomach gets my baby excited then leave &lt;&lt;&lt;  fml  just great
Plus my heart is with her
I believe in second chances but you had too many chances Smh sorry
I bet i kno better smh im not a fool
Thats not good enough for you so ima back off
Through the pain, hurt, the tears, the lies, i still managed to stick around and you still cant how much i love you.
YOU DONT HAVE TO LIE TO ME. JUST BE REAL WIT ME AND IMA BE REAL WIT CHU.
I just wanna be with you but its not about what i want.
I smile through the pain cuz i kno its sunshine after the rain.
Just layin here thinkin about everything thats ahead.
Asked god to please give me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change.
I'm trying to change for the better.
Got my baby a diaper bag but its like A purse its so cute
I be having a million thoughts....
Everybody else around me is happy with their spouse, why cant i be.?
Sometimes i wanna let go but my gut feeling is telling me to stick around.
Sad to say i will not go into 2013 with the same people from 2012.
Learned to let go and forgive. Ready for the new year old things and bad habits left behind. New car &amp; New apartment...New start
Realized when you go looking for love you never find it. Let it come to you.
You dont get anywhere pointin the finger i live wit The decisions i made.
I made the choice to be a single mommy and i love it.! #proudmommyof3
You get what you give tf...
If you dont wanna be bothered with me just let me kno, plain and simple and i promise i wont waste no mo time.
Baby i'll be sitting here waiting on you to come home to me, promise i'll be here to tilt he very end.
Get tf on wit that shyt.!
I hate a mf that be smooth talkin.!
The things you make me do
Mufuckas out here bad PURE HOES i cant
Need to relieve some stress
Mufuckas done got on my last nerve.
Bitches kill me lbs shyd o well
Bitch are you still mad cuz im bm.?
Watching halloween
I need some more followers
Fuck Halloween im ready for some mufuckin dressing and chitlings
BITCHES BETTER GET USE TO ME
IMA CUT HER OFF WHEN I GET READY
YEP BABY D GONE ALWAYS BE MY BAE
IDGAF WHO DONT LIKE IT LBS
Dats gone ALWAYS BE MINE REGARDLESS
i need some popcorn and a snicker
You showing me that you still love me so i fucks wit you still
But as SOON aas you show me differently its been one
The ONLY reason why i let go is because i truly believe your coming back
In the meantime i aint lookin for no new boo cuz iont need new drama
When you done playing house, come on home to WIFEY lbs
cant wait to get some kinky twist.....
tA'KEITHAN IS SO F'IN BAD
Waitin on my batman and my doggy to get here so mommmy can take them trick or treating
@_ThaPoet_ hope you feel better
the feelin of lettin gooo -__-
Miss my boo
and i lost 2 pounds lol
i hope its a boy
went to the doctor yesterday and heard my lil mutt heart beat
Thats why my name i dont give a fuck
i'm ight
pure example
and everybody wonders why im so angry
All i could do was smh for getting myself in this type of situation
My babydaddy did me bogus and the one person who i thought had my back told my ass she couldnt be there for me cuz she got a family now
It's gone be a long time before i love somebody again
I'm so dramatic tho
But ima strong as bitch i'll be okay
But when you was with somebody for two years nd that was all you knew its kinda hard to get over them
Doctor told me i cant be stressing, stressing is not good for the baby
I'm up early af tweetin about heartbreak ctfu
My nephew gets to wear his costume to daycare he looks sooooo cute
All the scary movies come on today im too ready
Even after all the hurtful shyt you said lastnight, i still got love for you.
This too shall pass
I done made it thorugh alot of shyt
If dont nobody love my baby, i will without a doubt
Iont hold grudges because thats what people wanna see, but nope IM STILL SMILING
People hate that i forgive easily
God always shows you who's for you and who's against you
Asking people how to get over somebody aint helping at all
God is working on me....
I been doing EVERYTHING by MYSELF
I aint got no beef wit shorty tho i understand
Its MONEY season i cant let a heartbreak stop me from gettin money
HAPPY HALLOWEEN.....
Tiffani just re heated a cookie from mcdonalds and burned it smh that shyt stank
I aint never asked nobody for no handouts anyway
Realized me and my unborn in this shyt by our selves but thats fine with me
Woke up to scary movies and a headache from crying so much
Jealously is a terrible thing.
Anyway im full
I know your not suppose to questions god work tho
Smh idk wtf to do...
Sometimes i feel like god is not on my side.
I been nothing but good to people.
Why did this happen to me.?
UGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I'M SO FRUSTRATED
I have a long way to go withthis baby but thank god for my support system.
That feeling when your standing on the outside watching your ex be happy with someone other than you -_-
@Tha_Future1 shyd i was finna go there folks i told you im wit the shyts lbvs
@Tha_Future1 They gone always wanna see you down, fuck'em
MY LIP SWOLL FROM THIS PIERCING, TIME TO REMOVE IT
glad i got a helpful bd c.b
this baby will wake up at 5 or 6 everyday
i cant sleep
RT @BUBBA_D_: Right is right and wrong is wrong
I'm soo full
That feeling you get when your ex is happy but you wanna be back with them -____-
Cant wait til this lady bring my car back
I love all my family
@_TheLloydEffect love you cousin
My brother Hasoni just made meatloaf and scallop potatoes...it smell soooo good.
Relationships are hard while your in them, but once their over its the worst feeling in the world to have to start over.
Loves the fact that me and my ex get along so well...i love her
RT @LIVING_4_TWO: Its crazy how you try to put so much effort into something and dont get the same bk
im hungry...needs to feed my face
but thats my bd tho....i'd still whoop somebody for her
its like i love her but some days i jus be like whatever its all good
never felt that way before tho
Starting to think all i really do is care about baby d smh
smh i need some more glasses i lost mine
that feeling you get when ur kid gets all a's
Hates when sombody be like free my nigga when yo nigga killed people robbed people and everything else -_____-
chequita tacos was fye af....na im full watchin micheal myers creep ass
idk if thats mean, and i really dgaf maybe its just me but iont understand that
i hate when a girl CLAIM she was pregnant by a boy the baby NEVER makes it here and she's like "He's my baabydaddy" ctfu how tho.?
@Pretti_Brown91 @IM_gORGEOUs22 smh poor baby when you find out wat you having.?
@IM_gORGEOUs22 o im due on may 1sr..good luck i feel bad for yu cuz iont get sick lbs
Aubrei be like 'im funny" that lil girl a trip
@IM_gORGEOUs22  When you due.?
Every since i been pregnant i only crave chicken jalepenos cheese smh and potatoes
Waitin in these tacos to get done
This the last baby
ima take some castor oil lbs
Ummmm i hope i go in labor early like april
i really miss my daddy.!
watching micheal myers
@HAM_MAH23 happy birthdayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
still hoping its a boy
have my baby may 1st
@tk_2xclusive Love you and call me later.
Im good to people and i always get treated in the end
RT @LillTuneeChi_: Stop bullshitting and tell me how you really fucking feel.
i fuckin hate people man smfh
Realized if you love somebody you let them go and if they come back it's meant to be. &lt;3
RT @CONCiDED_B: Praise now , it could be worse
RT @CONCiDED_B: "@iRealFrankOcean: A tight hug can do so much for someone that's hurting."
RT @ThatzSo_Shanice: Mf's be in a relationship with a different person every other week
i really hate when ppl come back and tell me wtf they saw -_-
Thats how i feel.
Ever had the one relationship where ya'll break up and everything you hear about them and the new person disgust you?
prolly in the club doin the money dance ctfu
wtf is his mama.?
Speaking of fuckin around i just foind out the lil boy who sing that is 13
thats why iont fuck around
if you in a relationship act like it...
Mufuckas got they priorities all mixed up..
i dont want nomore kids tho rbs
i swea to god i love my son more than life itself. he completes me
@tk_2xclusive You need to call us.! Love you
Ever dated somebody then ya'll break up and you be like ugh i hate you
i got soo much HATE in my heart
@tk_2xclusive ima start telling mufuckas mama lol
@tk_2xclusive They did what they did and ya'll did what ya'll did o well let it go whats done is done
@tk_2xclusive Be the bigger person smh cyber banging is dead lbs i shouldnt have said nothing
