Shaq_Bram
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1505674771/IMG00147-20110820-1410_400x400.jpg
Lordt all this walking around is killing me
Lol these bags are so expensive right
The itis is so real
Looool
Michael is so hilarious
So much food these people gave me
@lelelanaa lol I'm not, I'm using his phone with his permission so bleh v.v
@lelelanaa lol yes
@lelelanaa loool :D
Lordt I feel so hot
This lady's legs are so swollen, like omg
This girl look like a pure boy like /:
This rain is something else
@lelelanaa v.v this is Kelsey
@lelelanaa management v.v you already know this Lee-andruh
so bitter right
@lelelanaa I'm fine v.v
@lelelanaa how are you?!
Making my stomach upset
This damn coffee is so bitter
@lelelanaa haiii dere!!
A Drop In The Ocean :)
"I just want to meet a nice guy." -Girls who exclusively date assholes http://t.co/oJFYPYgU
http://t.co/oGRofNOY
"Hey Evolution, what the fuck?" - Platypus http://t.co/NwH7m7eO
http://t.co/aev9TzPT
http://t.co/xZvaCHAG
Raspberry Ketone is hitting the fitness world by storm! http://t.co/kekxonmB
I'm pretty certain I'll never be a serial killer, since I don't have a middle name. http://t.co/DMYCFGLp
Raspberry Ketone is hitting the fitness world by storm! http://t.co/Fy6fl5bb
@Ruthii_ExOh polyclinic is free I think
@BitchToLegit @Ruthii_ExOh @iBe_Snookie @MileHigh_Nigga on monday we goin to Sir Winston Scott for the medicals
@Ruthii_ExOh @BitchToLegit do u need a medical????
@BitchToLegit he say it not like them could get off the boat so does it really matter?
@BitchToLegit and he say kk, and then my messages stop sending
@BitchToLegit all he say is kk
@BitchToLegit he on the road so he say he gine call me when he land home
@BitchToLegit I will. Need a name by the end of the night doa so start brain storming
@BitchToLegit Mr.Perkins was contacted by some1 n apparently the name is demonic. He say if we can't find a new name we cant have the cruise
@BitchToLegit @MileHigh_Nigga whitehall just call me, we have to change the name of our cruise
@MileHigh_Nigga hit you, wa happen?
Today better b a good day
Good morning!
I need a friggin vacation and I need it now
I needs to finish read Brown girl, Brownstones by wednesday!
I tooooooo love my sunday food! :D
This gine take a while
Time to wash and comb my hair!
With school I have little time for myself especially when the bio labs mounting up like they are right now
I hate school even more now, sigh!
I needs to start revising for my bio test and do my bio labs
Iron found time to iron my white shirts
Clothes in the machine, white shirts ready to be pressed, jus gotta find the iron
Omg, today gine b a horrible day, clothes to wash, press and homework to do, sigh!
Today gine b a boring day doa cause my adsl playin the ass
Time to get up and get breakfast doa, I hungry!
Good morning!
I tink I gine sleep doa, I got some homework to do tomorrow, without the internet or computer, sigh!
I have labs for bio due, a test monday and comm portfolio to finish, sigh
I needs to buckle down and do some work for real doa
But if tht is my path y is it so hard?
Right now it feels like my path is to become a surgeon
What waz the plan laid out for me to travel on
I wish my life had some purpose but it doesn't, what was I really created to do?
Would I even b a good doctor, I highly doubt it, sigh!
I tink I gine becum an assassin and jus done wid school right now. I tired of school and I feel them does make more than a sugeon either way
I can't wait till I done school even though I gine b 40 when tht happens
I needs a friggin vacation and now!
I need to start revising for my bio test monday
School officially killin me now, the murderer has struck
I real tired doa
I hate playin dominoes wid these ppl hear
I soo bored, then
This rain is a bitch doa!
Finally on my way home! :D
Wish my uncle wud hurry up and get here! :@
Ammm this year playin the ass doa, I wanna go homw
Chem is so much bull, hear, but I loves it
Sitting in chem lessons and all I tinkin bout is food
@MileHigh_Nigga I will, ok.
Geez doa, rain fallin hard!
@MileHigh_Nigga I realize, we finishing the pink paper
Lessons finally starting, and my fone finally charging :D
My battery can't make it, 2%, impossible!
I hope my fone doesn't die on me before I get to the hospital, :(
Oh shitehole, my battery about to die. I hope I got my charger in my bag, sigh!
I gine buy a helicopter doa!
I hope I get down the road before 11:30 ya knw cause this man drivin like if he on vacation
Finally reach Oistins, half hour left to travel, sigh!
@MileHigh_Nigga u always late so no biggy, lol!
I hope today stays cool whole day
@MileHigh_Nigga gine to the hospital to save Petra and Mikilah first, then I gine go lessons
Omg, I hate travellin to town via sam lords castle or st.patrick's routes hear, geez it does take forever
I may b able to go to the hospital and get to lessons on time after all
I tink I gine jus go straight lessons and forget bout the hospital doa
Omg, I tink I gine get to lessons late today, sigh
I needs to get up and go bathe
Will this rain allow me to go lessons doa
I hope lessons is good today, and I hope it is nice and cool whole day!
Time to go get ready for lessons
@iLipGlossBPopn sms. U very late in askin this question. How is peace ambassadors goin?
I needs to go buy myself a new laptop
I need to go get my homework and do it
Omg, that breakfast really wake me up now, :D
Damn, I needs to get up now for sure, waz suppose to have left home about 2 hrs ago, sigh
@KelzeyBoo_xX children are suppose to want attention not a damn dog. Plus he don't sleep at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love this weather, great weather for relaxing
Gotta get up out of this bed, sigh
@KelzeyBoo_xX wa u mean by I better not get children? He jus want ppl to sit wid him all the blasted time, he is a dog not a child
Blasted annoying puppy outside crying cause I in the house layin down and not out there wid it, stupse!
I tink I need to get up out my bed and go find breakfast
Can't tell the last day I waz on this
Good mornin! :D
Steve Jobs waz buried to quickly in my opinion and not a respectfully as he should've been
I really need to get my own ride
27th and 31st ☺
@jon_94A lol. I never beat u tht bad.
I hope I have at least maths today or I gine b pissed!
I tink today is somebody bday, oh yea hbd @jon_94A enjoy to the max
I in a ZR squished to the max! Stupse!
I haven't done this tweeting thing for a while
Goodmornin and a special goodmornin to all october borns!
And remember to put God first in all u do. ☺
Bye tl, have a great sleep and a joyous day tomorrow
So I guess it is goodnight!
I tink I shud go to bed now doa since I gotta b ready to leave home by 6
Sigh, skool is finally gettin on my nerves
1500 words of carbohydrates and I waz writing for almost 3 hrs and I only get 400 so far,sigh!
Tht bio gine kill me!
Tht bio essay I gotta do is a murder.
Now bac to hw. Stupse!
Tht food waz nice, ☺
RT @ShoneeHowell: I think I'm going to bury myself in work from now on
Ahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!
I hate when I can't get someting understand
I hate homework!
A whole house until October 31st sigh, I only sleepin here on friday and saturday night doa!
Now gotta go down my house and open it for at least an hour!
Home, finally!
Omg,  I aint friggin home yet, stupse!
I love when outside is overcast, nuff breeze!!
I have to go visit my children at the hospital one of these days doa, I miss them!
I really need to start playin a sport or working out cause I gettin extremely lazy
I seriously need a massage, any volunteers?
I got a serious headache doa, geez
Barely get half way home, stupse!!!!!!!!!!!!
I tink I gine HC one of these days doa, really need to go visit!
Omg, I does take forever to get home!
I miss the ppl at HC! ☹
And as for lit, screw purple hibiscus!
Then in the morning I gine do my maths assignment for friday
I gine write tht tonight and start to study for module 1 test on wednesday
How to write about the structural differences of carbohydrates in 1500 words? Hmmmmmmm
I done tinkin bout graduation for now, gotta worry bout these nuff tests and assignments I got this week tht I aint start yet
Sms I tink all black or black and white
HC I gine wear purple and black
Gotta start preparin for graduation at both hc and sms
I need a car cause this bus ting does kill me
I wud really love to find or be donated a million dollars
Buses and vans really need to frequent tht area more
Really hate living on the sam lords castle route
Gudafternoon twitter!
I haven't tweeted in ages.
Goodnight!
My eyes starting to burn.
I tink bed time coming soon.
Omg, I still tired
Tht food was nice but now I gettin sleepy again, sigh!
Food!!
I need to get out of my bed and go find something to eat
I hungry!!
Nearly*
Omg, I never kill myself wid sleep
Bathtime!!
But first I need to find a comb to comb it
I goin and wash my hair!
Oh shoot I forgot to call my instructor. Oh well I jus won't go drivin today
My mother here tellin me to cut my finger nails. She like she sick
Its a good ting the barber don't live far!
I tink I can sleep now and wake up before 10:00
Omg, I want to sleep but can't, stupse
Hair cut at 10 o'clock
@i_TweetRaw yea. I goin there. U get any books or time table yet??
I sleepy
I hate callin places and not gettin thru
Can't find the damn homework
@i_TweetRaw koolz. U may b in 2 of my classes.
But tht involve gettin out of my bed, sigh
I tink I goin and call the barber to c if he wake up
I hope tomorrow don't b disappointing ya knw
I need to go get a hair cut.
@i_TweetRaw wa subjects u studyin at sms?
Goodmornin'
Ok I gine bac to sleep now, can't fight it anymore
Them better not bother me either!
I aint leavin this damn bedroom unless I need someting to eat or to use the bathroom or bathe!
My mummy gone work and left my brother and grandmother home. Stupse!
Lightning jus flash right outside my window and now I got a serious headache !
I really need to get out of this bed but tht aint look like it happening today
My mom and dad better not mess me up doa. They say they gine get me a car by then and I holding them on those words!
I can't wait till my exam date
I am goin to miss all my peeps doa :'(
Anyway, from Monday starts my destiny to become the worlds greatest cardiotherasic/neuro surgeon, :)
Wud really like to knw how ppl tht got piss poor graded get in before ppl wid by far better grades
And I am doin all the subjects tht I waznt accepted to HC to do!
Well it is official, from Monday I will be attending the SMS to do my sixth form studies
The wind from my fan does b cool but now, it freezing!
I wud rather have overcast weather everyday than extreme sunshine
I starting to feel sleepy already. This is the weather of relaxation
@Pauliiiie r u goin to school today?
I really need to get a new laptop!
I wud hate to have to go to work or school in this weather doa
But she waz serious! Sighz, old ppl don't ever tink before they speak and want us to do it
I wanted to believe tht she waznt seriously wakin me up to ask me if I see someting when clearly my eyes were shut
My mother wake me up and ask me if I see the lightning tht flashin :S
On days like this, the bed is the favourite place of many!
Well today look like a day I gine spend sleepin
Goodmornin'
I tink it is time for me to go feed the dogs, barking like them hungry
I not to long woke up and still sleepy, I guess tht is how disappointment makes u feel
Today I gine jus relax and sleep
It is quite amusing how cigarette boxes have on messages showing the dangers of smoking but yet ppl still smoke!
Goodmorning!
I had a horrible day after this mornin. Sigh, time for sleep!!
Outside look kinda overcast doa, I hope the rain fall!
@krista_vdh all like now
Can Sin Cara speak??
or mayb not. I will fry chips or do baked potatoes of someting
What am I going to eat today??? I tink I gine wait till my mother get home and eat then!
A fan blowing wid ice infront of it really does feel nice! Sigh, jus the ice melts really fast!
I guess I aint goin anywhere cause my bed feel real nice right about now
For an old woman, Halle Berry still looks young and gorgeous! :D
Santino Marella almost died. Here's to a speedy recovery for him and hope to see the cobra on raw pretty soon
Its 11:15 already :D, the day soon done so my boredom soon over!
I wonder if I waz a wrestler, then went and study medicine and became a surgeon if ppl wud trust me wid their lives still. Hmmmmmmm, sigh!
But tht will b when I start to work for myself lol
I can't wait till I get $20 000. I will b investing in a car so my parents can't say they bought it so they control it
*yawn* I gettin sleepy, sigh
So WWE plan on making it one brand 2 nights a week?? I am so confused right now and it aint funny!
CM Punk is one of the best comedians I have ever seen!
So I tink I will travel a little further and go to Crane but I don't feel like walking in this sun so I gine lazily catch the bus.
I should go to the beach today but Foul Bay isn't public accessible after a body waz found there washed up from the sea!
I tink I am going to plant a Jamun tree, guinep tree and chinese apple tree in my back yard!
I want some guineps but tink they r soon going to b out of season
So tonight's Raw is the second Raw Supershow? I am confused!
Baked fish is the best tasting fish ever. By far better than fried or grilled!
@iAm_Nathania lol.
I hope my mom bring home pork chops or marlin so I can bake them tomorrow :)
@iAm_Nathania lol. I never said u were.
Man, them could wait
Omg I forgot about my pets today. Sigh I gotta go feed them b4 I forget yet again!
@iAm_Nathania those r mini pancakes???
The next time I go town, I buying a scalpel, surgery needles, dental floss and a cleaner
These ppl aint left no breakfast for me, stupse!
I tink I gine watch Raw and Smackdown from last week
Do!
I tink I gine bac to sleep soon cause there is nothing to!
Goodmorning!
This is no condition for a person to live in, place to damn hot!
I need an AC installed in my room now
I am a very weak person, surprisingly. Ppl automatically tink I am power full but yet I can't lift 2 bags of cement at the same time
@Xx_MrzNDS_xX well then I guess not.
I tink I gine bac to sleep soon doa
Outside hot as tail!
*yawn*
I now wake up and these ppl got me playin dominoes and cards
Nowadays all I does do is sleep
And to knw, I jus wake up, sigh!
I am so friggin tired, geez!
Goodmornin'
I tired as tail right now. After all tht sleep yesterday I thought I wud make it through the entire day today
@RatedR_Kidd btw I tink it is Aria, Emily, Spencer then Hannah. Jus sayin
Omg, I have been doin so much today tht I aint got no time to tweet. Sighz
The hospital is soo full today, this may b fun
In town, finally! Now to walk in the hot sun to go to the hospital
Man in the middle of the road in a hole diggin and got the damn road block up!
Shouldn't take 10 minutes to get to town
And 1 hour later we finally reach by the Garrison!
I lovin this bus driver all of a sudden. Like gotta go to the bathroom cause we travelin mighty fast
And most r hotels and partyin places, aint makin no money all of a sudden?
Y so many places in bim shuttin down so doa!
Normal school starts bac on monday which means for the next couple days, town is goin to b packed!
My butt startin to get sore from sittin so long!
This bus ride is a killer, hear!
@i_TweetRaw tht is almost same as wht is waz told. Person said mid-week which is around the 1st
@i_TweetRaw apparently they aren't startin till tomorrow
@i_TweetRaw no. A
Now half way of my trip!
Didn't even eat yesterday.
Yesterday waz the most peaceful and restful day of my vacation. All I did waz sleep!
I hate reversin. I am goin to fail my exam because of tht!
@i_TweetRaw u got a call tellin u u get bac into school?
Sam Lord's Castle and St. Patrick's routes are the worst. 2 hrs and 3 or more hrs to town, respectively!
Almost 2 hrs, could as well call it a scenic tour
I hate traveling on a bus from home to town :@
I got up, prayed even longer than I normally do, ate breakfast and livened my soul to get through at least 4 hrs today
I needed to start my mornin on a high today cause I goin to the hospital today
I prayed for an hour this mornin so I feel extra blessed and liked nothing can spoil my day today! :D
Goodmornin'
Goodnight!
True lies finally done download. I watchin tht tomorrow :D
My grandmother here breakin off she neck and talkin bout she aint sleepin!
Buzz Bunny is class!
@Xx_MrzNDS_xX I add u but I aint cin u
Tomorrow I definitely have to wash my hair
Music is a mood changer!
Y wud a primary school want to add one of her teachers on fb? :S
To all those ppl who dislike me, thanks for showin how much u respect me and wish u were me! :D
The amount of ppl tht dislike me is surprisinly a lot and I don't understand y :$
If I were to sit and watch CBC like these ppl I wud fall sleep regularly
My finger jus stand and begin to swell jus now, now it extremely large
@Xx_MrzNDS_xX give me ur yahoo address
*yawn* I tink somebody drug me
@Xx_MrzNDS_xX nuttin much. U? Where have u been for the past 3 days?
@Xx_MrzNDS_xX hello
I really need to spend a whole day at the beach, jus to relax, sigh!
My deepest fear is gettin into a fight. I never ever argue to the point of battle cause I am afraid of fighting :$
Never growin it so long again!
Tht hair waz nuff to cut off, took almost an hour, geez!
Finally shaved today after almost 2 months! :D
I really need to cut my nails
Y these ppl does bother show CBC in this house, I wud never knw!
Them will jus get extra food tomorrow, tht is all!
Mayb it is because them hungry, since I aint feed them for the day :$
My dogs does jus bark and bark and bark and bark and I don't ever get y them does b barkin
I sleepy as tail even doa I sleep whole day!
As an old sayin goes; the bigger u r the harder u fall!
Let tht be a story for many, becuz u bigger and is associated as a "badman" doesn't mean tht u r better and can unfair the other
So one got a cut on the paw and the other got a swollen eye, wrecked throat, front paw shredded and cuts all over its back
Fighting for food when both of them got fed at the same time. Talk bout being animalistic, geez!
My 2 dogs were fightin and the older, smaller one beat the so call" badder" one and I nearly dead in laughter when my cousin cried
St. Philip so big tht I did 2 hrs of drivin today and aint leave St. Philip yet!
And now I feel like sleepin again
Wake up, breakfast, sleep, wake up, lunch, sleep, went drivin and now here! :D
Today waz a relatively good day for me
Good day every1
@LipGlossBPopnSk kurt angle theme song
I sleepy but don't plan on sleepin anytime soon
RT @RatedR_Kidd: Cause Everynight im Talking To The Moon (8)
I am seriously in between sleep and awake. I aint hearin nuttin tht gine on around me!
I want my Mazda 3 but geez I needs to start makin money somehow and like now
And I wanted to stay up till tomorrow 6am. Stuepse
I made ot through the day but don't tink I can make it any longer!
Finally gettin a chance to read the newspaper and see the Ship Inn shuttin down, wht the hell!
Kids had my fone from mornin till them kill it dead!
I got through the day but not my fone
I may actually get through the day after all
My children colour and happy today. Today aint tht bad! :D
The only ting worth while is the patients, everyting else cud go jump off the roof includin the head nurses (except sister Lovell)
This is goin to be another horrible borin day
I hungry and sleepy and at work. Steupse!!
Goodmornin btw
Another day at this place
Goodnight twitter! I sleepy all of a sudden!
Bored!!!
I want grapes and kiwi!!
Baked fish tastes so good it aint funny!
@WhatAlexSayGoes kk son. Jus so we are clear on tht point.
"@WhatAlexSayGoes: I just wanna fck #everygirl in the world" wid all these stds goin around, I beg to differ
Time to go and bathe/shower! :D
Well its time
I gine wash it now!
I tryin to decide if I gine wash my hair now or not
Well in about 30 mins tht is
Bath time!
I gotta go to bed early tonight cause I got an early day tomorrow
Make me miss the damn ting knwin tht CBC does hardly show someting worth watchin
Wtf I does see doa. I will never be eatin tht chocolate spaghetti ever
Rugrats showin and these ppl watchin some stupid DVD. Them sick in them heads hear!!
These mosquitoes and sandflies killin me now and bop jus makin them bigger! Steupse!
Nothing worst than not knwin what the future has in store for me right now!
Species is a kinda weird movie. I must say!
On tv ppl always destroyin cars but never a cheap always someting expensive!
My mother does watch some crap on hear!
Also I need to be able to make chocolate and vanilla cake into different objects like a gun for example.
Chip chip chip*** sighz!
I really need to learn to bake chocolate ship cookies and not chocolate ship dough!
Well now tht LIME has finally stop screwin me I may find someting online to watch!
All these DVDs gettin borin
I need to find a movie to watch now
@iAm_Nathania *rubs nathania's belly* watch how fast it gets better now :D
I had 5 memory cards for my fone now I can only find 2. When parents clean ur room tings does always go missin hear!
I like watchin tv shows where animals kill ppl and get revenge for all the evil we do to them!
Wait it is soon September which means all my tv shows shud soon be startin back!
I haven't played American Football in ages, geez I feel old and dead!
Mayb he will leave the car for me 2 :D
I knw my dad leavin but wht if he make my mom stay wid me. I guess I will jus have to wait and c wht will happen
I definitely can't have a party cause my next door neighbour real damn malicious so tht out of the question.
September 26th- October 26th. Still tinkin bout how I gine survive those 30 days
October needs to hurry up and get here
But tht is the cheapest I heard of so far so I cud live wid tht
But $35 for an hour is jus not called for!
I haven't gone drivin in a while need to go this weekend for sure!
LIME better not screw wid me ever again or I gine blow them up
@Domzicandi I plan on doin tht!
@Domzicandi summers spent like this aren't classified as vacation to me. First ever summer I have spent at my house. Sighz!
@Domzicandi horrible. Half of it I spent at the hospital the other half I waz sick. How about urs?
@Domzicandi and tht is a whole lot of time I wudve been able to do other tings.
@Domzicandi if I wanna be a clerk of course but other than tht nuttin. It may all b worth it somehow
These two men take some licks and still goin. If this waz in english this wud have been a better movie!
@Domzicandi steupse. Lol. Very funny!
@Domzicandi yea I still volunteering. Jus here watch some DVDs and relaxin today. I gine down there tomorrow
This man sick doa. Walk in a bar wid bruises all over and filled a bath wid rum and dived into it! Sick!
Ppl jus ignorant for money hear!
Man jus walk in the police station wid a bottle of thinners and throw on a man and light he. Sick!
Hey @Domzicandi . Sup?
This movie is one of those borin, action, borin, action done stupid movies. Steupse!
So LIME finally decide its time to stop screwin me
So I guess today gine b a day full of sleep
This movie sendin me to sleep, sighz
I don't understand one ass tht goin on in this movie
These ppl in my house real ignorant ya knw. Watchin a movie tht aint even in English!
One of the patients at the hospital broke my finger nail yesterday and I waz so pissed then, now I gotta start over from fresh
The Longest Yard is an interestin movie too!
Jackie Chan is one of the hardest actors ever!
Dr. M. Anne St. John better not tell me no foolishness tomorrow when I go to the horsepital
It seems tht night time twitter is horny time twitter!
I hate African movies especially the ones wid witch craft in it. :@
When LIME decide them gine stop screwin around wid my internet and decide to put it bac on I gine watch True Lies!
Or someting old tht I haven't seen in like forever
Tink its time to watch someting else like Red or someting
All these ppl in my house does wanna watch every day so is Rise Of The Planet Apes, geez man
Haven't shaved in almost a month :$
I really need to shave doa
Sigh, today look like it gine b bare movies and the Sims 3!
It seems to me tht when a male is born the only ting he tinks of there after is sex! First instance I guess!
Women jus like to work hear and I don't understand y
I don't tink my dogs have been fed in days, :$
Its nice to wake up to breakfast ever now and again
I like mornins like this where I don't have to leave home
Goodmornin btw
Tht sleep was nice! :D
Sighz, I real tired, yet again
Tht sleep aint do one shit!
Today waz such a horrible day it aint funny
I finally goin home after almost a whole 8 long hrs. Sighz, I needs to sleep
These ppl really plannin on killin me today doa. I have a bad nasty headache now
One of these days I gine come and sit in the parents room whole day cause tht better than sittin in the ward doin nuttin
@MsTwerkie_Xx well lifes full of unwanted challenges! Sighz!
I really wud like Dr. St. John to come here so I cud talk to her. Sighz!
@MsTwerkie_Xx so the head of medicine there said, who is also our superior here!
@MsTwerkie_Xx 50 hrs at the hospital is considered a stint to do medicine at UWI like if we does learn anyting here!
I hungry as tail now
@MsTwerkie_Xx to cut up paper and talk to ppl. Sighz, like I aint knw how to do tht already! Sighz! :(
Sighz these ppl does jus killz me
@AWishStar yea, I will be here on friday. Tracey what to knw y u aint comin no-more.
Gettin a headache out of this world
Cuttin up paper, soo medical! Stupse!!
@AWishStar I don't have one. U soon get here, we will talk bout it when u get here, how far r u from here?
@AWishStar did u get a personalized badge too???
I feelin rather hungry all of a sudden. Sighz!
@AWishStar not sure. Plan on leavin at 2:30 but if I feel to tired I gine leave earlier
Sighz. Pack stationery cupboards again. Clean medicine cabinet and still nothing medical, sighz!
@AWishStar yup. Well C8 is full not C7. Wa time u comin here for?
The only joy I get in doin this is the air condition and fun kids runnin around and playin the weirdest games!
I bored as tail!
I suppose to leave at either 2 or 3 today but I tink I leavin at 12 doa! Bare bullshit! Stupse!!
I tired as hell for real!
Y is it a medical requirement to volunteer and we don't learn or do anyting medical
I am gettin very hungry and sleepy
If I have to do this over from scratch when I start medical school I gine b pissed to hell off!!
I tired as tail!
I tired of this for real doa and I got over 20 hrs left to do, stupse!
These ppl does get some non-sense to eat and drink hear!
Doin this for fifty hours and not learnin anyting medical, waste of time!
Feed the patient, talk to the patient, clean out this cupboard and the next cupboard, beginnin to become bare bullshit now
I will never knw but this beginnin to feel like hell!! Stupse!
I don't c y this is a stint. R they tryin to make us more ppl friendly or to c if we r ppl friendly
They make us do soo much crap but never teaches us anyting worth while
If only these people wud teach us someting I wud c the purpose of this
There is a doctor here tht look like she have been alive forever
I tired as heck too
Digicel and LIME have both screwed me for the past 2 days
I bored to the max and hungry too
At work and everybody sleepin, sighz!
Goodmornin'
I tink I goin to the hospital tomorrow, finally!
I seriously am gettin tired of rice and chicken
I aint eat nuttin for the day, sigh!
Dominoes! Sigh, play this everyday for the vacation.
Sleep and went to the beach and sleep more :D
Today waz a gud day for me
Gud day!
Goodnight twitter, enjoy the rest of this borin night!
Tomorrow lookin like a layin down on the sand and relaxin day, :D
Music, fan and lights off. I gine soon drop sleep
I hate not havin my pc or cable and have to watch CBC, bs :@
They*
RT @iAm_Nathania: I'm so bored I wanna cry
Parents don't wanna buy tht sorta car for tht sorta money becuz the feel I gine destroy it by behavin recklessly on the road. Sighz!
I want a BMW or a Mazda 3 or Sportero but the money is the problem.
Finally some1 got blown up! Yea :D
I tink I gine shave tomorrow, finally after almost a whole month.
My favourite movies are the ones where animals kill ppl
Oh boy, CBC bout to show NCIS. Hope some1 gets blown up! Lol.
Badin, combin my hair and gettin sumting to eat took a whole 24 mins, sighz!
I gine and bade, brb!
Waz so bored yesterday did 8 sudoko puzzles in 10 mins. Don't tink I cud do tht ever again!
I seriously need to go and bathe and find someting to do. Boredom, hunger and need a bathe. I in a seriously bad state hear!
Finally CBC showin someting I cud watch, even if it happens to b a re-run!
I hate when I cook or make drink and these ppl in this house don't left none for me :@
I hate avocado pears!
CBC shud be renamed ROSC- reruns and old shows co-operation!
My dictionary 100% correct Mr. Skeete!
Morning *definition*-1. the first part or period of the day, extending from dawn, or from midnight, to noon. :P
@RatedR_Kidd tht is kinda more tomorrow mornin!
Buss ya brain or stupid ppl being asked stupid question for no apparent reason?
CBC have nuttin better to show for real. Always sendin ya sleep wid the borin shit and showin the gud shit after!
@Pauliiiie kk.
I tink I am very talented at ignorin ppl especially when them shouting!
I aint left my bed to go bade yet, sighz!
I buildin my house and work place on the same land but a good distance away!
@Pauliiiie y do u need dicky??
@LipGlossBPopnSk there is nuttin innocent about tht person. Lol. J/K
"@RatedR_Kidd: you what... i gain donate my DVDs to CBC" and give them some sites to pirate tv shows from
I tink a lot of ppl hate me but jus frighten to get it off there chest
Y ppl does got a problem when ppl gotta do tings for themselves?
My brother call a millipede and caterpillar and cried when my mother kill it, lol!
The next time I sleepin and somebody wake me up I gine piss on them and go bac to sleep
@LipGlossBPopnSk go draw someting or play wid lip gloss, lol! I remember durin exam time some1 sayin twitter sucks, lol, remember?
I really have to bathe tonight for real? Stupse!
@lelelanaa koolz. Once a good poker player always a good poker player!
I want checkered cake!!!!!!!
@LipGlossBPopnSk u really askin me tht question, no I don't knw u! *sarcastic voice*
@lelelanaa and tht is y u losin? Poor! :P
Dominoes does b real borin nowadays
@lelelanaa y?
I so bored I countin nails in the roof
@lelelanaa layin down on my bed. U?
My mother wake me up and tell me I gotta go and bade. She for real!
@lelelanaa hi
I bored! Stupse!
These ppl jus don't like to see me sleepin. Sighz!
I real tire. Ppl wake me up this mornin at 6 to get ready for a cruise tht started at 11.
@xXnatzzzzXx it will soon b over.
I hope I get home before my fone battery dies
When I get my vehicle ya see the selfish ppl tht cud take me places but refuse to take me better not want me!
Can't wait to get home and go cross my bed!
@i_TweetRaw school startin bac the first Monday in September!
Old ppl does find the weirdest tings funny!
There r so many idiots wid license. Stupse, talk about can't drive!
Man jus ride right infront the car. If I did drivin he wud b dead so he better go home and praise the lord!
Home time!!!!!!!!
Ppl soo stupid. Everybody rushin to get off like the boat sinkin!
Atlantis*
I wanna go on the Atlantic Submarine one of these days again!
Playin bare calypso now we going bac to the port. Sighz, this DJ is the worst!
This DJ high. Playin can't be over and I want this done bad. Non-sense!
30 mins to dock time. Finally :D
I am sure on the ocean had less rain than the island had!
Old ppl are so hypocritical!
Old ppl like 2 call young girls whores and sluts 4 havin nuff boys and them got 15 children from 15 different men and sum only months apart
I hear voices in my head tht tell me cruises wid only old ppl and young ppl r horrible. Need the youts to have fun!
Worst cruise ever!
1hr 7 mins to go. Then home time!
I so tired it aint funny!
To the docks. 1hr 20 mins remainin!
The breeze on the ocean is amazing!
My hand is 5 inches across the knuckles!
There is a bobcat in the middle of the sea. Wa it cud possibly got to push down out here, water!
They cud as well call this a church cruise!
Barbados is a very beautiful place from the ocean!
2 and 1/2 hrs left!
Tht food waz good except for the price!
I on a boat and hearin thunder and lightnin flashin next to me, these ppl better carry bac to the shore!
Woman here makin she child take pics of she, lil boy say: u better hire a photographer for when u gine out and let me play nuh! Lmao! :D
Bajans have no manners hear!
Bajans too love them guts
A piece of pork for $15. U believe these ppl
And older than 13
They r only 11 ppl on this boat tht are under 20, sighz!
Here comes the rain!
Well tht is everybody but me tht is!
4 more hrs!
Everybody on this boat doin one ting, stuffin them face!
Had a science camp and I heard nuttin bout it!
Bare old ppl on this boat, I tink I gine down stairs and sleep!
The sea full of bare garbage, sighz, killin ourselves and aint carin!
This cruise gine be sooooo borin!
Bout time this boat start to move!
I soo friggin sleepy it aint funny!
Omg ppl don't knw the relevance of a clock at all! Stupse, :(
I needs to put a comb through my hair!
This blasted boat needs to move!
I seriously needs a hair cuts doa!
Harbour Master got metal detector and security searches ya dread!
This gine b fun :(
I hungry! Sighz, better go look for my uncle!
500 ppl on a ship only 300 life jackets, sighz!
I hope these ppl leave on time cause 5 hrs on the sea wid a bunch of old ppl is enough
Ppl carryin me on the harbour master on a day like this sighz!
I hate days like this when I am forced to attend borin tings
Good day twitter!
Goodnight twitter! Big day tomorrow, I tink!
Tht noise tht law and order makes drives me up a wall
I will b the worst person some1 wants to make an enemy
I want a sniper rifle and an assault rifle
And men does walk bout proud to say they have had anal. They don't knw tht is sayin they wud have sex wid another man
Ppl who have anal sex are disgusting. What if the person jus came from shitin? +o(
I guess I will jus have to become a spy or serial killer
