TalkFemale
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3472473516/9accbfe86f5b6c5b68d65b01cbfcc1ef_400x400.jpeg
RT @reIatable: Boys are nice until their friends show up.
http://t.co/Z6FZpe1fRY
Plus follow me on tumblr it's http://t.co/VgRlIQ5k
Guys follow me on Instragram? I'm called simplyteeny_
It’s better to have nobody, than to have someone who is half there, or doesn’t want to be there.
Step 1. Take homework out of backpack. Step 2. Reward self with 2 hours of internet for making it that far.
RT @BookletOfLove: Following EVERYONE who follows @LifeJournals #HURRY ♥
Looking at your hair underwater and feeling like a mermaid.
RT @SpeakLifeNotes: Talking&amp;flirting you ex,how‘d you think that makes me feel?You made promised but they‘ve slipped away&amp;it loo ...
I'd rather have 1 Best Friend than have 53474686797808932452 fake friends.
Everyone follow @TheTwoHalves_2 they follow back+i‘ll give you shout out if you do,RT this if so. Im watching!
I'm not lazy, I'm on energy saving mode.
#JingleBellBall i wanna go!?
@Harry_Styles pretty pleeeease follow me?

I love you loads

Please follow back?

(:
RT @milllll_x: @Harry_Styles please follow me harry?! love you X
@emelisande your new song with labrinth is so beautiful, its the best song both you and labrinth have ever done. Wow!
RT IF ANY MEMBER OF ONE DIRECTION FOLLOW YOU.
RT IF JUSTIN BIEBER FOLLOWS YOU.
@justinbieber PRETTY PLEASE FOLLOW ME? WHAT HAVEI GOT TO DO FOR YPU TO FOLLOW BACK? I LOVE YOU FOREVER AND ALWAYS, P.S. A BELIEBER (:
I hate when a girl tells me " I wish I could find a guy just like you".. Um...Im a guy...JUST LIKE ME!!
RT IF YOU'RE A DIRECTIONER. I WANT TO SEE HOW MANY DIRECTIONERS THERE ARE. {FOLLOW ME I'LL FOLLOW BACK} http://t.co/JMEVZsny
Thankyou ed sheeran!;) I love you.x http://t.co/Vr8sJ3gQ
Listening to Little things ;') Thankyou Boys.♥ Only One direction &lt;3 http://t.co/0qKcSW1n
Me : *Sleeping* 1D : Twitcam Me : *School* 1D : Tweeting and following spree Me : *Stays up all night* 1D : *Offline* - TRUE STORY
ℱℴℓℓℴω - @SpeakLifeNotes for the FUNNIEST tweets on Twitter, No Lie. She'll make you Laugh, Smile, Cry, and Happy! + she follows Back :)
RT @SpeakLifeNotes: ℱℴℓℓℴω - @TalkFemale for the FUNNIEST tweets on Twitter, No Lie. She'll make you Laugh, Smile, Cry, and Happy! + she ...
I hate seeing you with someone else.
Never make decisions based on someone else's happiness. Take care of yourself.
If you ignore me, I will ignore you. If you don't start the conversation, we wont talk. If you don't put in the effort, why should I?
"Dreams really do come true if you point yourself in their direction."
I may be "nothing" today but I'll be "something" someday.
RT @MyLordHoran: because you simply can’t ignore a picture of Harry crying http://t.co/qvbBXjsz
RT @MyLordHoran: yes liam. your passport will protect you from the rain. http://t.co/t18vyfbq
When someone is telling you that you can't do something, don't quit, just smile and say "I'll show you".
RT @MyLordHoran: one band

one dream

43 tattoos
RT @MyLordHoran: I’m not crying there’s just some Little Things in my eye
Feelings that come back are feelings that never left.
"Just the thought of being with you tomorrow, is enough to get me through today."
Can we pretend that ✈ ✈ ✈ in the ☽☁ are like shooting ✰✰?
I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day.
Watching your bestfriend turn into somebody you no longer know, hurts.
Thank you ignoring my text, It's not like I wanted to talk to you or anything.
Taking 30 minutes to shower, because you like to stand there, under the hot water, just thinking about life.
Being with no one is better than being with the wrong one, sometimes those who fly solo have the strongest wings.
RT @CapitalOfficial: #Directioners - Can you imagine ten years without the boys....? *sad face* http://t.co/ixnVBiTP #CapitalMusicNews
Love makes time pass, Time makes love pass.
The best feeling comes when you realize that you're perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed most.
It goes from "babe" to "bitch" "I love you" to "I hate you" "I need you" to "fuck you" "you're my everything" to "you're nothing".
Boy: "You are the most funniest and most beautiful girl I have ever met." Girl: "You just wanna fck me." Boy: "Wow and smart too."
Reading all this, one person comes to mind. It may change from time to time. Or it may have been the same for a while now.
A real boyfriend: Calls you for nothing, texts you all the time, wants to see you, cries, gets jealous, is overprotective and loves you.
It's cute when couples act like bestfriends or when bestfriends act like couples. &lt;3
Dear eyelashes, wishbones, pennies, shooting stars, 11:11 and birthday candles. What happened to my wishes? Sincerely, still waiting.
He said I'll love you 'til I die, She told him you'll forget in time.
It ain't about who's right or wrong, love dies and life goes on.
I'm a sucker for memories, and the way things used to be.
I wish I was a camera so I could take your picture with my mind. Put it in a frame for you to see, how beautiful you really are to me.
Sometimes I wonder if life is really worth it, then I look at your smile and I KNOW it is.
Wait for the boy that would do anything to be your everything.
I hope you stay for a long time, because my heart really likes you.
If i love you enough to let you go, would you love me enough to come back?
During the day, i keep myself busy and time passes, but at night, i really miss you.
if i have you, i have everything.
i give short replies when i'm mad.
Trust me when i say i love you, because i'll always mean it.
The sad part is, i would give you another chance if you simply asked.
The laughs,the chit chat,the comfortable silence&amp;&amp;the silly love songs are enough to keep me smiling all day.
I could look into your eyes all day.
Its me and you against the world. Dint give up on your dreams. If me and you stick together, we‘ll susceed much better.
Dont let people say the skys the limit,believe in yourself,stand out the crowd,be uniqe and reach for the stars.
#TOMYFUTURESON you have to treat your girlfriend like your father would treat his wife.
#ToMyFutureSon you will treat your girlfriend right. Never disrespect her, cheat on her, lie to her - you have to treat her like your queen.
Oh, he loves you? That's funny, he said he loved me too.
You think you know me, but you really don't.
A real friend is always there, not only when they need you.
I’m still in love with the person you used to be.
#HowAboutWe do this♥? http://t.co/1fB79dp6
Do more of what makes you happy.
I'm proud of my heart. It's been played, stabbed, cheated, burned and broken, but somehow still works.
I always say I'm done with you, but I never am.
You're hot, therefore, I will stare.
Doing something weird and thinking "this is why I'm single"
Ignoring the world when your crush is texting you.
Shut up and kiss me
I hate making eye contact with people who used to mean so much to me.
Sorry for trusting you, I won't make that mistake again.
Care too little, you will lose them. Care too much, you will get hurt.
The hardest thing is not talking to someone you used to talk to everyday.
When you have moved on to your next, stop talking about your ex.
As soon as I wake up, I check my phone, hoping there's a message from you.
You'll never understand how much I cared
"I want a boyfriend for these cold winter nights" ... Shut up you slut go buy a coat.
ed sheeran has never and will never have a bad song with bad lyrics #edsheeran
I love doing stupid things with my friends.
RT @RodneySuccess: That moment when you pour a bowl of cereal and realize there's no milk so you sit there, wondering why bad things hap ...
The one who broke you is the only one who can fix you.
I hate that feeling when everyone around me is in a relationship and I'm awkwardly sitting there like...I love my dog.
Trust the ones you love &amp; and love the ones you trust...
When we sleep like hugging one pillow, we actually wish it to be the person we miss and love the most!
A hug means I need you. A kiss means I love you. A call means I miss you.
I want to see you &amp; hug you &amp; make you smile &amp; make you laugh &amp; just lie on the couch next to you &amp; then fall asleep beside you.
Play fighting, joking, Arguing, the laughs, the fights, the tears, the smiles, the lies. etc. &amp; still manage to be together.
I want a hug. One of those tight hugs that take my breath away, give me butterflies &amp; make me smile like crazy.
If we love each other make sure nothing comes in between that.
That moment when you both stop kissing, look at each other, laugh, then kiss again.
You'll never understand until it happens to you.
Everything is funnier when you're with your best friend.
I wish my feelings had a delete button..
: I still wish at 11:11, search for shooting stars, and dream about the future.
"Never believe anyone who says you don't deserve what you want." - Taylor Swift
Everyone get following @142Days shes new to twitter but has great tweets going on:D shes my bestfriend,and she's lovely(: get following now!
Never have I ever broken someone's heart
Me: I'm just going to rest my eyes for 5 minutes. *wakes up May 7th, 2099*
Never have I ever wanted a friends boyfriend
Being nice to someone you dislike doesn't mean you're a fake. It means you are mature enough to tolerate your dislike towards them.
I like people who actually put an effort into talking to me.
And I know I never told you that I love you, but now it's all too late.
Things girls appreciate: Cute texts, tight hugs, holding hands, remembering the little things, soft kisses.
Don't be mad when someone else starts to appreciate the person you took for granted. What you won't do, someone else will.
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew.
Irish. Nandos. Blonde. Polos. Defying gravity. I didn't say Niall Horan, but RT if you thought of him.
A smiling face doesn't always mean a perfect life.
Just remain true, and you'll always be real.
The good thing about having bad memory is that jokes can be funny more than once.
Mission impossible? Not answering a stupid question with a sarcastic answer.
That awkward moment when you feel like your childhood has returned now that Finding Nemo 2, Toy Story 4, and Monsters, Inc. 2 are coming.
Who else wakes up in the morning and checks their Twitter like its the morning paper??
Spending half of the movie wondering where you've seen the actor before.
Sometimes it’s better to be alone. Nobody can hurt you..
Calls are cool, texts are alright, tweets are chill, a Facebook message is okay, but nothing beats seeing someone in person.
This is starting to look like a contest of who can care less.
You're 13. You smoke, you're not a virgin and you wear more makeup than you do clothes. Your mom must be so proud!
We love guys that lift you up and spin you around.
#ThingsThatILove morning texts. ❤
I'm glad I met you, I hope you know that.
Treat your girl like you want your daughters boyfriend to treat her.
Stop chasing after them, let them come chase you.
You have to see the whole picture before you judge someone.
We love guys that hold our hand in public. ❤👍”
When boys pick you up to kiss you. ❤👍
The boys who are the reason you smile everyday. ❤👍😊
When boys wake up with their sticking up everywhere is gorgeous.
When boys can pull off that messy hair look. ❤👍
Sleep, hugs, kisses, love, friends, family, memories, smiles, laughter and fun, the best things in life are free ❤
It was the last time to feel again, but you broke me and now I can't feel anything.
When boys hold your hand when walking with you. ❤👍👫
When boys hold you from behind. ❤👍
1) Grab my waist. 2) Pull me closer. 3) Kiss me.
Relationships are harder now because: conversation becomes texting, argument becomes phone calls, feeling becomes status messages.
I’m sorry. Sometimes, I get jealous thinking that someone could make you happier than I could.
I'm not perfect, I make mistakes, I hurt people, but when I say sorry, I actually mean it.
Guys, text her first, it shows that you thought about her. ♥
I hate being jealous but I refuse to let anyone take you from me.
Screw what they say, you're worth it to me.
It's not always easy to fake a smile.
When boys have the sexist chuckle.
When boys have a good sense of humor. ❤👍
I play the same song, over &amp; over cause it reminds me of you. 🎶
When boys hold you in their arms. ❤👍
When you get ignored by the one person you really want to talk to.
Worst feelings: Crying yourself to sleep, being ignored, discovering that the person you love, loves someone else, not being loved back.
She says she doesn't care, but her eyes tell a different story.
I still like you, but I'm done chasing you.
No matter how many times a girl denies it, she'll always remember every detail, moment and piece of the memories you've left her.
When boys sing to you;')
When boys have dimples. ♥
Dear girls with a broken heart,
There are guys out there with glue guns. Sincerely, Me. ♥
When a girl is silent, she’s either over-thinking, tired of waiting, falling apart, crying inside, or all of the above.
He saw you. He met you. He wanted you. He liked you. He chased you. He got you. He had you. He got bored of you. He left you. He broke you.
It doesn't matter how long you've known her. if she's kept you smiling since day one, don't lose her. ♥
Girls want a guy who says I love you every night and proves it every day. That simple.
A girl doesn't need anyone who doesn't need her - Marilyn Monroe.
I'd rather hear a guy say, "I've made plans for us," instead of the usual, "I don't know; whatever you wanna do."
Relationships include: Fights, Jealousy, Arguments, Faith, Tears, Disagreements, But a REAL relationship fight through all that with love.
A kiss on the forehead is one of the sweetest thing in the world ♥
Missing you is becoming a habit.
Your girlfriend should be your bestfriend, so don’t treat her like a friend with benefits.
I don't have a type. If I like you, I like you.
I love it when you text me first. ♥
When boys take their little siblings to the parks is on of the attractive things ever!
A boy's sleepy voice is seriously the sexiest thing ever.
Be with someone who won’t stay mad at you, who can’t stand not talking to you, and who’s afraid of losing you. - Drake.
When boys are about to leave and ask "No hug?" ♥
I love how you smile when you talk to me.
Emotionally: I'm done. Mentally: I'm drained. Spiritually: I feel dead. Physically: I smile.
#MistakesBoysMake Giving another guy the opportunity to make his girl smile.
I'm not perfect. You're not perfect. But we're perfect together and that's all that matters.
Girls just want a guy who cares about her and puts in the effort to show her.
When boys make time for you. 👍❤
I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care...
When boys love the same music as you. ♥
Love shouldn't be planned, it should happen naturally.
Being lonely isn't the worst feeling. The worst feeling is being forgotten by someone you will never forget.
you text him, he doesn't back. he was obviously so excited that you texted him that he fainted.
"And all the past is just a lesson that we've learned" - Demi Lovato.
"My universe will never be the same, I'm glad you came." - The Wanted
“And I’m so sick of love songs, so tired of tears. So done with wishing you were still here.” - Ne-Yo
"I gave you my love to borrow, but you just gave it away" - Maroon 5
"Just be true to who you are" - Jessie J
When I'm hungry, I check the fridge. When I'm bored... I check the fridge.
"Does this dress make me look fat?" "Stop blaming the dress" ._.
"This ain't Hollywood this is a small town, I was a dreamer before you went and left me down" - taylor swift.
Dear cell phone. Thank you for helping me in very awkward situations
Dear cupid, next time hit both of us.
Being gay is fine. Being bi-sexual is fine. Being straight is fine. Do you know what's not fine? Wearing Crocs.
The boys who wrestle with you. ❤👍💪
When boys love kissing you. 👍❤
When boys are good kissers. 👍❤
When boys can text you all day.👍❤
If they cheated on someone to be with you, chances are they'll cheat on you too.
My haters are my motivation. So keep going, you're only making me stronger.
When boys cheer you up, when you're done. 👍❤
When boys love spending their free time with you. ❤👍
When boys are best friend before boyfriend. 👍❤
I love it when boys kiss and smile while looking into your eyes. ❤👍
When boys make you laugh. ❤👍😁
When boys give you their sweater/hoodie. ♥ &gt;
I don't want to be your first, I want to be your last.
Dear guys,when a girl says 'I'm Fine' talk to her until the real truth comes out.Look into her eyes and wait for her to say,just be patient.
I was stupid for falling for you.
Are you falling for me like I'm falling for you?
Calling her “baby,” will make her melt every time. Promise.
The beginning of a relationship is always the best, when they are all into you.
You are beautiful. And nobody has the right to make you feel like you're not.
When boys wrap their arms around you. ❤👍
I'm tired of waiting, I want you now.
When the boy you secretly like, hugs you. ♥
Girls want a guy that can openly say, "Yes that's my girlfriend and yes I do love her." ♥
Yes I still think about you, yes, I still do miss you, yes, I still visit your profile.
3 things you should never break: 1) Trust. 2) Promises. 3) Hearts.
A girl is like a book: don't judge her by her cover, but read her carefully, page by page, and you'll discover her whole story.
That feeling you get when they tell you they miss you.
I love it when I catch you looking at me then you smile and look away.
No texts, no calls, nothing. But I'm still here thinking about you like crazy.
Hate when you stop talking to the person you always talked to everyday.
I hate the idea of anyone else having you.
When boys surprise you with flowers. 😘❤
My ex? We’re not friends, we’re not enemies. We’re just strangers with some memories.
A gentleman never breaks a promise.
I always wonder if you smile at my texts like I smile at yours.
My problem is I can't stay mad. I always end up forgiving people, even when they don't deserve it.
He's cute. He's tall. He's got gorgeous eyes. And a stunning smile. I didn't say a name, but he popped in your head, didn't he?
She's a keeper. Too bad you didn't keep her.
A morning text doesn't only mean "good morning" It also means "I think about you when I wake up"
Hugs that last over 20 seconds, release a chemical in your body called ''Oxytocin'' that makes you trust someone more. #mB
The moment when all you want is just to be wanted.
When boys are confident, not cocky. ♥
With you, I can forget all my problems. With you, time stands still. With you, there’s no one else.
Wanted by many, taken by none. Looking at some, waiting for one.
When boys can play the guitar. ❤👍🎸🎶
Be strong and smile to life even though it hurts sometimes.
When boys wrap their arms around you. ❤👍
I bought the gum for me, not the whole school!
I did http://t.co/xCxkYxh4
LOL used to mean "Lots of Love" before meaning "Laugh Out Loud" when used on the internet.
I say "no offense" before I'm about to completely offend someone
need a 6 month vacation, twice a year
*sitting in class* 1:30 *seems like 20 minutes pass* 1:33. WHAT!?
Teacher: "I am beautiful. What tense is this?" Me: "Obviously past."
I wish you could understand the way i feel about you.
Don't ruin today by worrying about yesterday's problem. Yesterday won't ever come back, just make the best of today.
My mouth automatically says "shit" when something wrong happens.
"Life's all about moments of impact, and how they change our lives forever." - The Vow
That "stare" before the kiss.
I met someone cute today. But it's not like anything is gonna happen. Nothing ever happens.
#IAdmitThat sometimes I'm guilty of forgetting to text back.
RT @lPhone5News: LAST CHANCE! If you wanna gain one of these iPhone 5 RIGHT NOW just #RT &amp; follow @LetsQuoteComedy to gain!!! #HURRY ...
I just found out that suns upside down is suns.
Zack and Cody graduated, Andy gave away his toys, Hannah told her secret, Phil went back to the future. My childhood is officially over.
Bitch please, my phone battery last longer than your relationships.
Only in math problems can you buy 60 watermelons and nobody asks what the hell is wrong with you.
The awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken with flirting.
I go deaf when I'm texting.
Friend: How long does it take to get there? Me: About 5 songs.
Using moms money: I'm going to buy that, and that. $150? I'm definitely buying that! Using my money: $2? Maybe thats too much.
Baby did you fart, 'cause you blow me away!
I wonder if my parents ever look at me and think, “Oh my God, my child is retarded.”
"Are you athletic?" .. "Yeah I surf.....the internet"
That awkward moment when people think your guy best friend is your boyfriend.
I just whispered "Come at me, bro" to a bug and it ran towards me, so now I'm in my car driving away from my old life.
#IAdmitThat im still love with you..
Ahh #nuts..
Funny how for a second, I thought you cared.
Life is a beautiful struggle. Live it, love it, embrace it.
Knowing you have someone's full trust is a great feeling.
ust remember, I was there when nobody else was.
I don't want to get attached to anyone, anymore.
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through.
always REGRET leaving my phone on "silent" when I can't find it.
RT @BiebsAmazed: Interviewer: "What if your fans leave you in 5 years?" Justin: "My fans will, my Beliebers won't." Even Justin knows th ...
Dear Google, could you sit next to me during exams?!
I'm not a perfect person, I make a lot of mistakes... but still, I love those people who stay with me after knowing how I really am.
Everybody has that 1 friend that: 1) Turns everything dirty. 2) Eats like a pig and gains no weight. 3) Swears a lot. 4) Has a funny laugh.”
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
People born in 1994-1999 have lived in three decades, two centuries, and two millenniums. And they are not even 18 yet. We're just that cool
I open a text and mentally respond then forget to actually respond.
Apple should replace Siri's voice with Morgan Freeman's.
RT @TheFunnyTeens: 90% of teenagers drink alcohol and do drugs. RETWEET if you like food.
When I am home alone, every noise I hear is a serial killer.
Best friends have Conversations impossible to understand by other people...
I can honestly admit that I've learned more from Google than school.
That moment when you have so much things to do so you decide to take a nap instead.
Bitch please, I could remove 90% of your 'beauty' with a towel.
Having unlimited texting... With no one to text. YUP I KNOW THAT FEELING BRO.
My phone is my alarm clock, flashlight, music player and camera.
RT @NotebookOfLove: I miss that hug, I miss being with you, I miss our talk, I miss laughing with you. Shortly, I miss you.
A smiling face doesn't mean a pretty life.
My best friend's problems are my problems.
"See, you are my addiction and I need more than words to show you" - Cody Simpson
@CapitalOfficial LAWSON LAWSON LAWSON!!!!!!!!
"Because of you I try my hardest just to forget everything" - Kelly Clarkson
I don't regret my past, I just regret the time I've wasted with the wrong people.
I love his eyes, his smile, his face, his laugh, and his voice. I love him... but he doesn't love me.....
In my dreams you're with me, in reality you're with her.
When you hurt a girl one way, she feels it in a million ways.
“Crazy” is just another name for “Someone who knows how to have fun!”
Why is it so foggy?:-/...
My headphones are in. That is not an invitation to start talking to me.
When we first met, I had no idea you’d become this important to me.
Just being able to talk to you will always put a smile on my face.
Relationships are harder now because conversations becomes texting, argument becomes phone calls, &amp; feelings become statuses and tweets.
PARENTS: Why are you awake so early? ME: Who said I went to sleep?
Happiness is measured by choice.
She's just a girl who got hurt cause she loved with all her heart.
It has always been you, and it will always be you
Making weird faces in photos because it’s better to look ugly on purpose.
Me: Mom do you want any help? Mom: No thanks sweetie. *5 minutes later* Mom: HONEST TO GOD ITS LIKE NONE OF YOU CARE AROUND HERE!
I have a huge house, a gorgeous body, loads of cash, tons of friends, I have a perfect life... Thank you Sims.
What someone doesn't see in u, another person will and what someone doesn't do for u, someone else will.
I wonder if I make anyone's day. Nah nothing special about me.
Admit it. None of us know how to play Minesweeper. We just click randoms boxes.
That "stare" before the kiss.
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what’s going on in my life right now.
I hate it when you're trying not to cry in front of someone, but as soon as they ask you "Are you okay?", you lose it.
If it's worth the risk, don't be afraid to take the fall.
If your dream seems unreachable, don't lower your dream, raise your effort.
ME: *wakes up* -2 hours later- ME: *gets out of bed*
“Mail me over facebook sometime.“ ....never happens.
"We need to hang out!" ..... never happens.
Just keep the faith
Don't judge me for who my friends are, we are different people.
We love guys that lift you up and spin you around.
If two people are happy together, then leave them alone.
I love the feeling when someone cancels plans that you didn't want to attend anyways.
In school: 1+1= 2. On homework: 1+1+1= 3. On the test: 13xy(2y+3g2)+7xy.
That awkward moment when someone's zipper is open and you don't know if you should tell them. They'd wonder why you were looking that low.
My mom and dad mean so much to me &lt;3
TWITTER = Typing What I'm Thinking To Everyone Reading.
Sometimes tears have to say what words cannot.
"I'M NOT AFRAID, IM NOT AFRAID, TO TAKE A STAND." "Grandma please, sit back down on your wheel chair."
You're born, you die, and in between you make a lot of mistakes, but thats just life.
"Never believe anyone who says you don't deserve what you want." -Taylor Swift
Sick and tired of being unhappy.
Boy: "Want to see a magic trick?" Girl: "Sure!" Boy: "Poof! Hey, you're single. Want to hear a joke?" Girl: "Sure?" Boy: "Our relationship."
Stupid person: "Was the movie The Lion King based on a true story?" Me: "Yeah, I know tons of Lions who talk.“
You only live once? False, you live everyday. You only die once.
Me opening the fridge: "Baby you light up my world like nobody else."
I thought you cared. Guess I was wrong..
Just because I smile doesn't mean I'm happy
"The definition of beautiful does not require the words make-up or skinny." — Zayn Malik
That awkward moment when you've made CapsLock ON, but you still keep holding Shift key and the result is again small letters o.O
Friend: "You're phone's ringing." Me: "Yeah, phones do that."
It's hard to trust someone, especially when the ones you trusted the most were the ones that betrayed you.
Me: "You're fat." Friend: "It runs in my family!" Me: "Dude, no one runs in your family."
love it when I catch you looking at me then you smile and look away.
Drying only your hands, so you can reply to a text while in the shower/bath.
Person: "Are you flying a kite?" Me: "Nope! I'm fishing for birds!"
Every relationship has its problems, but sometimes what makes it perfect is if you still wanna be together, when things go the wrong way.
Dear YouTube, stop buffering every 10 seconds! Sincerely, it's... like... watching... like... this.
Waking up and checking your Twitter like its the morning paper.
*home alone* Thoughts = Partyyyyy!!!! Reality = Peeing with door open..
#thatawkwardmoment when someone's telling you something and you've already said 'what?' a hundred times and still don't understand
*Doesn't do homework, teacher checks it.* *Does homework, teacher doesn't check it.* Why. Why. -__-
when the dictionary defines a word you don't know... with a word you don't know. and it's like FACEPALM.
People who care, use words to express. People who care the most, use their actions..
6 Rules to a better Life : 1. Never Hate 2. Live Simply. 3. Expect Little. 4. Give a lot. 5. Always Smile. 6. Live with Love.
That annoying moment when your mom compares you to another kid and she has no idea how much worst they are than you.
Dont cry because someone left you, smile because they gave you a chance to find someone better.
Hating someone so much that their name angers you.
I don't actually remember my passwords... I just kind of type random ones in that i‘ve had in the past.
That awkward moment when you don't know how to smile when someone is taking a picture.
I want you to be happy, but I wanna be the reason.
I live... I learn... I move on.
Care too much, you get hurt... Care too little, you lose them.
I hate it when someone starts to tell me something, then says "Never Mind"...Like b*tch you better continue that story!
In awkward situations, we all pretend to text.
Reasons why I stop replying: 1. I'm busy 2. you're boring 3. I'm mad 4. you replied with one word 5. You ratchet 6. I'm eating..
It's so HARD to trust someone for a 2nd Time, after they already gave you 1 reason NOT to trust them.
The first love is the sweetest, but that first cut is the deepest.
#BackWhenIWasLittle I just wanted to be a grown up, now that I'm grown up, I just want to be little again.
I need more weekend, even for a week, I'll be happy.
Every end is a new beginning.
Smile! It's easier to explain than crying!
That awkward moment when you realize you probably shouldn't have told somebody something...
Relationships dont need any terms and conditions. They just need two people who can communicate, trust, love, and laugh together.
The good ones go, if you wait too long.
if you expect me to text you first I guess we'll never speak again.
I DON'T WANNA SOUND LIKE A BAD ASS OR ANYTHING BUT I SAY, "NO" WHEN DORA ASKS FOR HELP! ;)
I'm tired of getting lied to,tired of being used, tired of fake people, tired of pleasing everyone, tired of everyone judging me,Just tired.
@CodySimpson just bought #Paradise and loving it(: &lt;3&lt;3
@CapitalOfficial GANGNAM STYLE:D
Be real with me, or just leave me alone.
Say it to my face, not through your status.
Just because he says sweet things to you doesn't mean you should let your guard down. Always protect your heart.
工 ﾚo√乇 ㄚ◯∪.
Girls with beautiful personalities will always be the prettiest ones.
I miss talking to you every day.
Make a girl smile. Send her a cute goodnight text and a goodmorning text so she goes to sleep and wakes up with a smile on her face.
Can't we at least be friends?
I know you don't care. You prove it to me all the time.
Hate seeing you upset.
You don't understand and I can't explain it.
I care about your feelings more than mine.
Always listen to what she has to say.
I don't know why, but I fall more in love with you everyday.
Sometimes the person you fall for isn't ready to catch you.
Behind her smile, is a story you would never understand.
I wanna be more than just a friend to you.
People should listen as much as they talk.
The only reason I forgave you was because I love you too much to stay mad at you.
Flirtationship = More than a friendship, less then a relationship
Talk is cheap, but actions are priceless.
No girls likes another girl flirting with, texting, or calling her man. At all.
Be real with me, or just leave me alone.
You make me happy even in my worst moods.
That awkward moment when you're spacing out, and then suddenly realizing you're staring directly at a guy.
No matter how bad your past is, looking back will never change anything. Just look ahead.
I love a long text message, it makes me feel like you actually do want to talk to me.
I need a boyfriend so I can steal all of his hoodies.
Let's all take a moment and be thankful that spiders don't fly.
wanting to go on a shopping spree.
Sometimes I wonder; how many other girls he's texting while he's texting me.
I hate that feeling when everyone around me is in a relationship and I'm awkwardly sitting there like; "..I love my dog."
The more you care, the more you have to lose.
She didn’t stop loving you. she just decided to stop showing it.. Because no matter how much she tried, you just wouldn’t get it.
Phones get thinner and smarter. People get fatter and stupid..
there is a dumbass guy behind every beautiful girl who did her wrong and made her strong
My phone falls, I panic. My friends fall, I laugh.
Life is like a pen. You can cross out your past, but you can't erase it.
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They smile and call you something even more offensive.
Wanna get a new phone? scratch here ▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ with a sharp object.
When I was young I always wanted to grow up, but now I just wish I was a kid again.
I’m officially done trying. If you want me in your life, you can come find me. Until then, continue treating me like I don’t exist.
Don’t apologize if you’re going to keep doing the things you’re sorry for.
A relationship should be between two people, not the whole world.
Wondering if the person you think about all the time, thinks about you before they go to sleep.
Oh sorry, I forgot.. I only exist when you need something.
It all fades away in the end.
Sometimes it's hard to pick right from wrong, so the best thing we can do is go with our heart and hope it all goes well.
I wish exercising was as easy as eating.
I remember when we used to talk everyday. I totally miss that.
Smiling at someone that hates you just to piss them off more.
I'm okay..even if i'm not, i'll tell you i'm okay..
may I ask, what the hell did you do for me to fall so hard for you?
Me: "Can you write in the dark?" Dad: "I think so, why?" Me: "I need you to sign my report card."
I wish I could just "like" a text so I didn't have to respond.
Just because I dont show my emotions, doesn't mean I dont have any.
I love being in that mood where everything is hilarious.
Beauty and beat&lt;3
RT @CelebFactstory: Taylor Swift is the youngest person in history to win 'Album of the Year' award at the Grammys.
Sh*t happens. I mean, look at your face.
Friend: "Can you do me a favor?" Me: "Sure?" Friend: "Can you go upstairs and-" Me: "No."..
Does anyone ever get that feeling in class when you just wanna scream, "Nobody gives a f*ck!"
The worst thing you can do is get mad when someone tells you the truth, because they will never come with the truth again..
: I'm only mean to you because I like you.
Rule 1 during arguments. If you're losing, start correcting their grammar.
Sometimes when I say "I'm okay" I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight, and say, "I know you're not."
I want that late night movie, long walks in the park, cuddle up on the couch, kind of relationship.
Dear crush, Seeing you flirt with someone else is the worst feeling ever.
When a girl is acting like she doesn't care about you anymore, that's when she needs you the most.
I get the best feeling in the world when you say hi to me, or even smile, because I know even if just for a second, I crossed your mind.
There's certain people I'm so close to that when I get a text from them, I can hear their voice reading it to me.
A million words can't bring you back, I know because I've tried. Neither will a million tears, I know because I've cried.
Hard to believe all of this started with a simple hello.
When boys can sing. ❤🎤
I just want to be normal in a way that makes sense.
RT @BlessedSwift: It's crazy to think we are going to have the Red album in our hands soon. The wait's almost over, and im so REaDy
RT @BlessedSwift: Im so glad Taylor named the album " Red" it really does add a lot of meaning, especially after you listen to the song.
RT @FactHive: Research confirms that needle pricks hurt less if you look away.
RT @FactHive: If you rely on an alarm clock to wake up on time, it is making you fat.
I'm doing my best, the best I know how and when I know better, I will do better.
Sometimes we just need the quiet time to gather our thoughts, get our head on straight and our mind right.
A frown is just a broken smile that a good friend can fix.
If something is not happening for you, it doesn’t mean it’s never going to happen. It just means it hasn’t happened yet.
The only sure route to #failure is to think failure is never an option.
Count the garden by flowers, never by the leaves that fall. Count your #life with smiles and not the tears that roll.
It’s hard to wait around for something u know won’t happen, but it’s even harder to stop waiting when u know it’s everything u want…
Don't always look for happiness, create it.
The path that leads you to fear is the path that will re-define your goal.
CHEATERS, Y U NO STAY OUT OF RELATIONSHIPS?
I'm strong, because I've been weak. I'm fearless, because I've been afraid. I'm wise, because I've been foolish.
Just killed a spider for the first time without peeing myself. Thug life.
I want a person who comes into my life by accident, &amp; stays on purpose.
Relationships end because once the person has you, they stop doing the things it took to get you.
That one person you wish had never given your number to.
I tend to say "I don't know" when I don't feel like thinking.
@CapitalOfficial pleeeeease play 'bad - the cab'?!
@twiggyandemma please play Taylor Swift's new song pleeeeease?! :)
@CapitalOfficial please will you play 'you belong with me - Taylor swift' or 'we are never ever getting back together - taylor swift' PLEASE
@CapitalOfficial can you please play the new Taylor swift song? I love it! :-)
@taylorswift13 unlucky you didn't go up to no.1 but your amazing+i'll always be a fan so keep being amazing+keep writing amazing songs!&lt;3&lt;3
I spent months getting over you. I finally did it. Months later, you said one word: hello. And I'm already right back where I started.
RT @SpeakLifeNotes: there's some really sick people in the world who joke about cancer. people die from it,but some fight it off. RT thi ...
RT @TeamNiallHoran: Usain bolt is just so cool
I hate seeing people go back to the same person who hurt them a million times.
RT @TeamNiallHoran: Tom Daley on my t.v luvin life
Can we stop pretending, and tell each other how we really feel?
Looking at an old picture and wishing you could go back to that moment. #always
Girls never get mad for no reason. It may be over something small or stupid, but there’s always a reason.
Its simple.. Never lie to someone who trusts you, and never trust someone who lies to you.
The worst feeling in the world is knowing you did the best you could and it still wasn't good enough.
Maybe, If I cared less, I wouldn't be so stressed.
We all grow into the beautiful person that we are suppose to be - some earlier.. Some later.
That awkward moment when you see a teacher somewhere other than school.
RT @FactsOfSchool: When you turn 21, you can legally do all the things you've been doing since you were 15.
You're 14. You were dumped. Your life isn't over.
"You Break It, You Buy It"... Uh, Hell No. I Break It, I Leave It, And Awkwardly Walk Out...
Headphones on, music turned up, nothing else matters. I've stopped talking so stop talking to me..
I hate when I have a bad dream about someone, and I actually feel mad at them in real life.
RT @TheOfficialTed: "Want to go out?" "I have a boyfriend" "I have a math test tomorrow" "And?" "Sorry, I thought we were naming things  ...
Don't tell me my opinion is wrong, it's called an "opinion" for a reason. To each their own.
@taylorswift13 you probably hear me with the mega phone shouting 'TAYLOR I LOVE YOU!' but yeah love you and hope you see the tweets!xoxox
@taylorswift13 but I do hope you see this and get more inspiration in what you do. i hope I will be at your next tour cheering you on--&gt;...
@taylorswift13 because we support you in every single way possible.but here I am tweeting you when you might not even see the other 50tweets
@taylorswift13 but to you I'm just a fan,just like the rest but I believe that you will go far in life and I know you love all your fans--&gt;
@taylorswift13 I wish I could play the piano and guitar?i quit guitar because I eventually went to high school and they don't do it-__- --&gt;
@taylorswift13 and I love that you play guitar and piano..you might play more but they obviously seem most important in your songs--&gt;more..
@taylorswift13 I know people shouldn't wish there life away but I wish I was you because you that amazing,I love your country style--&gt;more..
@taylorswift13 your an amazing person to look up to,your my idol,your beautiful,I love your blue eyes and blonde curly hair---&gt;more..
@taylorswift13 you look like a shy person but your obviously brave enough to do tours and song songs?!you just an amazing person....
@taylorswift13 your future is gonna be amazing because of how far you've come in life,I mean where does it all come from?!:O--&gt;more...
@taylorswift13 I love your perfume,you don't care what anybody thinks you just get on with your life,your perfect in everyday!--&gt; more...
@taylorswift13 your so inspirational it's unbelievable!i love all your songs cause there so powerful and well detailed!--&gt; theres more!..
Spongebob: | ( • )( • ) | Patrick: / ( • )( • ) \ Squidward: ( (•)(•) ) Plankton: | (•) | Mr. Krabs: |•||•| RT if you see them!
Sorry, but all cheating is wrong regardless of how valid &amp; believing your excuse is.
She puts up a strong front and pretend she's okay, even when it hurts so much
My heart longs for you,my soul dies for you,my eyes cry for you,my empty arms reach for you.
Enjoy the small things in life for one day you‘ll realize they were the big things.
Time goes by a lot slower when you miss the one you are.
To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.
No one ever said love was going to be easy.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love,love someone else.
You dont even know what if feels like to need one person this much.
When you see the brightest star in the sky what do you think of?...i think of you.
The first time you fall in love it changes your life forever, and no matter how hard you try the feeling never goes away.
My heart would melt but it melted when i first saw you.
You know you cant sleep when finally reality is better then your dreams.
True love never dies it only gets stronger with in time.
May you follow your dreams and always believe in yourself. Keep your eyes on the stars and hope be in your heart.
If i‘d have a flower for everytime you made me smile and laugh i‘d have a garden to walk on forever.
So theres this guy and hes really got my attention,bottom line..if he wants me im all his.
She loves him more than he would ever know. He loves her more than he would ever show.
I loved you yesterday i love you still i always have and i always will.
I feel lucky everyday when im with you.
Everytime i look at the keyboard i see the U and I are always together.
Dp what makes you happy be with who makes you smile,laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as your mine.
You dont mean anything to me...you mean eveything to me.
If you lovd something let it go,if it comes back to you its yours,if it doesnt,it never was.
Once in a while right in the middle of an ordinary life,love gives you a fairytale.
Love maybe blind,but it can sure find its way around in thd dark.
Love is not only something you feel but something you do.
If i know what love is,its because of you.
Love is a song that never dies
To love is nothing. To be loved is something. To love and be loved back is everything.
The greatest thing you‘ll ever learn is just to love and be loved back in return.
True love says “you‘ll never need anything i‘ll be there“
A friends love says “if you ever need anything i‘ll be there“
Passion makes the world go round,love makes it a safer place.
Seven days without love makes one weak.
RT @ihatequotes: No matter how difficult things were yesterday, you are armed with the ability and choice to do better today.
No matter how difficult things were yesterday, you are armed with the ability and choice to do better today.
RT @Harry_Styles: Can't wait to finish this album and for you guys to hear it...hope you like it! .x
RT @1DTwitpic: Normal people: "Simon Cowell is a bit mean..." Directioner: "OMG. UNCLE SIMON! YOU MADE MY LIFE. LET ME LOVE YOU!"
RT @1DTwitpic: Me: "MOM! Come quick, Zayn's fallen over in my room! He's not moving! Call the ambulance, mom. HELP!" 
Mom: *picks up you ...
Mum: We're going on vacation! Me: Will there be internet there?
If you tickle my feet I am not responsible for what happens to your face.
I don’t want to be your whole world. Just your favorite part in it.
I am who I am. I like what I like. I love who I love. I do what I want. Get off my back and deal with it. It's my life, not yours.
#196. Before I die, I would like to dance in the rain with someone I love.
When he puts his hands around your waist &gt;
i wish I could tell you how I feel because every night before I sleep, you're all I think about.
I think too much and then make myself sad.
There's a reason why two people stay together; they give each other something nobody else can.
“Page Not Found” well….. Bitch, find it!
We all have that one friend That never has a clue whats going on.
RT @1DTwitpic: "we need one direction wristbands that glow and make sounds whenever they do a twitcam" omg this
RT @1DTwitpic: RT if you are a Directioner ♥ 
(just wanna know how many RTs this tweet can get)
RT @1DTwitpic: RT if you #SupportEleanor and don't give her hate (: http://t.co/xBSI6U8X
RT @1DTwitpic: For me, One Direction changed my life. For the people in school, One Direction changed the number of songs on their iPod.
RT @1DTwitpic: Here's to the Directioners who want Liam and Danielle to do a twitcam together.
RT @1DTwitpic: "Niall is everybody's best friend." -Josh Devine. RT IF YOU ARE NIALL'S BEST FRIEND.
I feel like Voldemort’s parents took the “Got your nose” game a little too seriously.
Have you ever wanted to ask a question but you didn't, because you know in your heart, you couldn't handle the answer?
