TenderBitts
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/378800000713016493/96875e02ad28850e7810af3cd4d9682c_400x400.jpeg
I named my kid Cancer so that later in life I could get a bunch of likes on Facebook for posting that I beat him.
I have cats because I didn't want my girlfriend to have to ignore me by herself.
My grandpa always told me his greatest regret was getting so old that his nose hair grew down into his moustache
I saw a stripper get hit by a car once....... So much glitter
Facebook was better when it just meant you hit someone in the head with a copy of War and Peace.
RT @joeljeffrey: Reports say Cover Girl tests their makeup on animals. They're not doing a very good job because their mascara makes my  ...
I like to get my exercise out of the way first thing in the morning in the form of a 10 minute struggle to put on my shoes.
Thank god for women. 

Just think how cluttered most guys houses would be if they still had the other half of all their shit.
One hit wonder bands in Japan are often described as being a "frash in the pan."
An erector set is a child's toy. An erection set is where porn are filmed. My parole officer said it's important to know the difference.
Booty call tip: When done having sex put feet on her back &amp; gently push off bed. As she hits floor say "oh, you're leaving already" act sad
Justin Bieber makes music to punch yourself in the genitals to. Which is good because his fans really shouldn't reproduce.
Lindsay Lohan filming sex scene for new movie made the crew strip down to underwear. Don't think I've ever seen a picture of her wearing any
#RejectedOlympicEvents Bingo!
#RejectedOlympicEvents competitive retweeting
#RejectedOlympicEvents most inappropriate erection contest (such as DMV line, Golden Girls marathon, Jury duty, daycare center)
#RejectedOlympicEvents herpes relay (this one plays out at night in the Olympic village)
#RejectedOlympicEvents hot oil wrestling with your mortality
#RejectedOlympicEvents team religious debate
#RejectedOlympicEvents international mosh pit
#RejectedOlympicEvents Staring contest
#RejectedOlympicEvents synchronized hugging
I've learned from watching the Olympics that "The Moe" is the official haircut of China.
Happy birthday Mike Tyson! Thank you for years of entertainment and confirming that face tattoos are for crazy people.
Is it gay that I'm oddly attracted to the female Olympic weightlifters?
As Shari Lewis prepared for her show she looked into the sock puppets sad eyes and noticed the crusty fabric. Lambchop had been raped, again
I have amassed the required amount of plutonium to ensure my salvation! - Scientology?
I'm always looking for excuses to you the word "Kerfuffle"
RT @derfdy: My obituary will simply say, "Fred is survived by nobody. Oh, and his top tweet had like 400 stars and it was about Canadians."
The Golden Girls could have easily been the most erotic sit-com of all time.
#FF @Eric_Bader there is no other
Hot oil wrestling with your mortality
RT @CloydRivers: Dreamed last night I was ridin' a fire breathing' bald eagle, squackin' at honeys, flexin' for freedom and givin' sissy ...
You throw like a fatass
Telling your girl "Don't cry, it makes you look fat" will get her to stop crying. Now she won't stop throwing shit but she's not crying.
When my girlfriend gets upset I say "don't cry, you look fat when you cry" then she stops crying and starts throwing shit, like a fatass.
I'm offended by words! I lack imagination! I won't be back! You won't miss me!
Bum hugs. 
Could mean a couple of things.
Ad for the new kindle says you can read it even in bright sunlight... Why the fuck would you want to read when there was bright sunlight?
When I first tried to type in Mick Jaggers name in to my phone it auto corrected it to "kick dagger" and that, was pretty awesome.
Mick Jagger celebrates his 69th birthday today. Pretty impressive considering he's looked like a reanimated corpse for 20 years
This kind of shit didn't happen when Val Kilmer was Batman.
About to get an MRI, which just seems like an awesome opportunity to take a nap in a giant magnet to me.
"Cops bust area cock fighting ring." - real headline
Come at me internet! I fear not your filthy German porn and cute kitten playing with yarn videos!
Biebercide
Life was so much simpler back when I used to sit around in a smashmouth tee smoking weed and wondering why I wasn't getting laid
@Eric_Bader hey! Thanks buddy! :)
I wonder if waiters at fancy resturaunts would still offer me wine lists if they knew I had once lit a fart.
If I had to guess where I went wrong it was probably when I linked my Twitter and Facebook accounts.

That.

Was bad.
After years of trying and only finding shame, confusion, and herpes I've came to the conclusion that "glory holes" were named ironically.
I keep hoping that one day Steve Buschemis teeth will get their shit together.
The girl I've been stalking for three months asked me out today and ruined EVERYTHING!
"It's gonna get bumpy" is a phrase you don't wanna hear from a pilot mid-flight or a hooker post-sex
Face piercings are how girls let you know that their daddy touched them.
Having a good day? Well guess what. There is a 99% chance that Carrot Top makes more money than you.

That's right.

Let it sink in.
A sea food buffet at a George O'Keeffe exhibit is the pinnacle of irony.
I'm not sure if 160 characters is enough to explain how horrible I am at math.
I will never forget my grandfathers last words. He said "what are you doing with that pillow?".
The worst thing about asking for someone's opinion is sometimes they actually give it to you.
I stopped going to church when I became an adult because Pat Benatar put my mind at ease.
I don't see the point of wrestling if your not rocking a full on erection the whole time.
They need to put toilets next to gas pumps because I almost shit myself every time I fill the tank....
Do you know how many convenience store burritos you hafta eat to end up in the emergency room? 

I do.
Looks like Jesus is finally answering Tim Tebows prayers to help the Broncos get to the Super Bowl.
Wanna make manscaping fun and adventurous? Do it in the elevator of your apartment building! Unrelated: I'm looking for a new apartment.
Various parts of my body are scratch-n-sniff today.
I can't do my own taxes but I can calculate the number of jelly beans I can eat before I vomit to within 5 at any given time.
When somebody uses the phrase "It's my time to shine" I assume they want me to set them on fire.
Sometimes that tingling feeling you get when you meet somebody new is just herpes.
Now that Linsanity has started to die down it's time for a news story about a black guy who's really good at math.
I'm Catholic but to be honest, I'm only in it for the free booze and the chicks that don't make you wear a condom.
When god invented tits I'm pretty sure he wasn't thinking "there ya go, free drinks for life" but that's just how shit worked out.
Some guys live their entire lives without ever finding a wife. I call those guys the "lucky ones".
What's so special about hunchbacks? They get every fucking Wednesday dedicated to them.
"Life imitates Art Garfunkel!" - Art Garfunkel drunken humblebrag
I was trying to kill my brother by slipping my mom morning after pills. Luckily, I realized he is older than me before it was too late.
I stepped away from twitter for a while to spend some time with the baby but the ransom finally came through so, I'm back!
Tried to save some money and make my own girl scout cookies but it turns out they are really hard to catch.
Tim Tebow turned down an offer to be on The Bachelor because he would have to hang out with all those "icky girls".
Saw a internet video of a guy fucking a PB&J sandwich & though."Ok, that's it. I will never see anything more disturbing"....then he ate it.
I haven't been able to concentrate on my work since that episode of Saved by the Bell where Zack and Slater made out in the bathroom.
Sorry I haven't been tweeting much lately.... OR, you're welcome for those of you that are sick of dick jokes.
Someone should tell this guy on the bus that the tattoo of a crucifix on his neck isn't conveying his religious devotion like he'd hoped.
Idle hands are the devils workshop. That's why I masturbate constantly.
You've made a mockery of this sandwich!
My new favorite game is to call my net provider & see how long I can keep from yelling "Cocksucker!" til they hang up. My record, 48 seconds
Welcome new followers. It's your lucky day. My OCD is forcing my to post cat pics today. It was nice meeting you. I'm very sorry.
So are you guys sick of my Mittens Romney jokes/pics yet?

It's a rhetorical question.

Next Mittens joke/pic in 30.
I think that with the influx of #FFs & new followers Friday is the perfect day 2 flood my TL with stupid jokes accompanied by pics of my cat
Please don't burn the house down @shroomgirl_77: #FF @AliciaKaysMC @JosheyRotten @The_Marcness @bumwithshoes @TheSeperatist @AllianceUnholy
My personal twitter mentor #FF @Eric_Bader oh and he's funny too.

No homo. 
Wait I hafta say that before the gay stuff right? I fucked up..
#FF solid lineup @Gdabme @Ginlicker @StuffZacLearned @WowItsStephen @derfdy @karencreets don't think just do it.
Thank you @Ron_Swansong always funny. A can't miss #FF
So Demi is into doing whip-its and ass play. What is she, a gay man now?
I don't understand how they do sperm counts. Every time I try I get up to about 7 and then just take a nap.
Just invented oblivion metal. Long droning notes overlaid with slam poetry and bird noises. Extended listening will liquify your bowels.
Yeah I follow back. I follow back like a motherfucker. I'll follow you back to your house and peek through your windows. #teamfollowback
That awkward moment when reading the tweet you just posted. You realize you left a word out and now must sacrifice a virgin again...
I've made 4 suicide pacts in my life. Luckily I've won 4 coin tosses to see who goes first.
Guess what turkey bacon.... You're not fooling ANYONE!
@Eric_Bader I thank you sir. A large # of my followers are thanks to you my friend. Those of who aren't following this man should do so ASAP
Ok guys, I would like to talk about something serious now so I'm off to my FB account. Please enjoy the cock pic I DMed you till I return.
RT @Ron_Swansong: My safe word is GET THAT FUCKIN' THING OUT OF MY ASS!
RT @DeadManSkipping: 88% of all Twittercides are caused by accidentally clicking on the "Post My Tweets to Facebook" button.
Poor Demi, I haven't seen someone so upset over losing a boy toy since Michael Jackson.
@Ron_Swansong thank you very much for the #TotD Unrelated note: I'm a having a going out business sale! Act now before I flee the country
I think I could become one of the 1% if I just had a monicle.
The price is Right had to remove the Plinko board when Drew was caught putting giant Vicodin in it the running down to catch it in his mouth
Haha I'm just kidding. I don't even know where most of you live.......
This tweet is just as trophy worthy as your house is flammable...

Do we understand each other?

Do we?
A magnifying glass is no way to burn ants. Go to the garage, I've got gas and sparklers. Also, I saw ants all over your moms cat. #dadadvice
You gotta live a little, broaden your horizons. Do some drug muling. Tackle a motorcycle cop. Fart in the mouth of an invilid.

#dadadvice
Suicide helpline, you know to even things out.
The doctor gave some ointment for my jock itch. It smells funny but a lot of fun to apply.

That joke was topical.
My tweets "meh" in your TL
Reports say that Kim Jong Il is still planking. I told you guys, that dude is the real deal. No wonder his people worshipped him. Amirite
Tweet or die! 140 characters to oblivion! This is the twitterdome motherfucker!
Oh now I see the problem.... I'm the only one that thought it was funny. This explains EVERYTHING!
@sneakily1 I thought so too when I wrote it months ago. Had to repost it cause I didn't think it got enough attention.
See what you made me do. I feel so dirty now....
As Shari Lewis prepared for her show she looked into the sock puppets sad eyes and felt the crusty fabric. Lamb chop had been raped, again.
I thought it would just be a few and the issue would be resolved but now, dead kittens are everywhere. So much blood.
Ok guys.... Go to my favstar best of page and save my goddamn sock rape joke from falling off page 1 or I start killing kittens. Cute ones.
I'm involving you guys in the process see. Isn't that nice of me? It's like a how to suck at twitter guide.
Note to self: French food jokes fall flat on twitter. French dick jokes would probably work though. 

Note #2. Write French dick joke.
"You've gotta fight for your right, to Pâté!" - Georges Jacques Danton during the French food fight February 3rd 1791
So this twitter jail I hear people talking about......is there a lot of nonconsensual anal there? Like regular face tattoo jail? I'm scared.
Haha I'm just kidding. Tim Tebow is totally gay.
If you took that Tebow tweet wrong then shame on you. I can't be responsible for your filthy minds twisting my innocent lil tweet.
I bet Tebow used some of his NFL money to buy a house with roomy closets.
I'm starting to think you guys don't think my dick jokes are funny anymore.... I'm gonna post pics of it. That will get you laughing again.
RT @StuffZacLearned: I know you're a little freaked out, but just know, I took a vow to only use that blood covered shovel for good, not ...
If I suddenly dedicate my TL to retweeting inspiring tweets from rappers understand its only because I care.
@marcusdejean Haha that's the funniest gibberish that has clogged my TL all day. Ah......good times, good times.
"Free blow job with every purchase!" 

- Inappropriate ad campaign for girl scout cookies.
@halfassedtaco well maybe not the best sales pitch for pussy, but that shit sells itself. No need to advertise.
"I just shit my pants." Is an excuse that gets you out of any argument. More effective if you actually do sometimes. Grandpa taught me that.
If "It makes its own gravy!" I will buy it cause that's the best fucking sales pitch ever.
Coffee is the only thing that helps me resist the urge to kill everyone before 8 a.m. #funfact
Door to door salesmen never come by my house so last night I took the initiative and went door to door shopping. Got a lawnmower and a grill
Your mouth is saying "no" but your wet panties are saying "I drank way too much".
Fuck it. I starred it myself to get it back up on the top page because I have no fucking shame.
RT @BadAdviceNurse: Shhhh… you had me at “get out of my house.”
For now though I'm just gonna make jokes about how Seals face looks like a Chinese checkers board.
I'm gonna end up tweeting it again....
I'm still upset that my Shari Lewis sock puppet rape joke has fallen off my best of page. Mostly because I'm immature and it made me laugh.
POTUS is how I spell who gives a fuck.
Now that Seal is single again he will hafta try to get out and meet new people. He's gonna need to get over his fear of clubbing.
@LtFrankDrebbin stabbing him in the face with an icepick all those times was a bit much. Amirite
Sometimes I like to clip pictures of food from the Sunday paper to put in the pantry and refrigerator. It's like the matrix only sadder.
That awkward moment when you open a DM to see you were duped into giving a follow back to a bot.....there is no iPad, or cake
@TenderBitts Worst. Song lyric. Shoehorn. Ever.
The first time I had a piece of rum cake I thought "Wow! I bet my liver is fucking delicious!"
I'm sad that my personal fav tweet was pushed off my best of page today. This is what twitter has reduced me to.. It was a sock rape tweet..
All this time I thought analogies were a genre of porn.
@karencreets I must admit I was a bit confused lol
Manual retweet killed the favstar.
"Can I get a rebleat?" - twitter sheep
White guys always wish for a black guys dick but if it happens they are either "omg call the doctor" or shout "rape" to the whole cell block
The perfect example of the saying "Find something you love to do and make it you career" is a gay proctologist.
My ex-wife wears a hamstring bikini... Get it? It's cause she's a fat pig. Haha now let's all laugh/cry together as I write a alimony check.
I can't wait till my son is old enough that I can finally take all this shitty artwork off my refrigerator.
Cleveland is known for its steamers and their football team is called the Browns. Coincidence? I think not.
"Well if you aren't gonna touch my penis I'll just do it myself" I said to nobody in particular.
Have the announced Joes Pa bearers yet?

Oh wow that's a groaner..

Fuck it. Posting it anyway because you guys need to learn to hate me.
Bag-o-dicks
When somebody hits me while I'm driving and says "slug bug" I like to escalate things with a little game I call "throat punch Ford fiesta".
Having blind friends is pretty cool. You can roll your eyes at them any time you want and you don't hafta wrap their birthday presents.
RT @WowItsStephen: Now that his marriage is over Seal can spend more time posing as the "after" picture for smoker's lung.
Playing kick ball with children isn't as fun as I thought it would be. They don't roll very well and they cry a lot if you hit them solid.
Carmen San Diego was found in a shallow grave in the Nevada desert.... So... Yeah. Mystery solved I guess.
Fear of global warming: Al Goraphobia

Ugh...
I murder dreams.
Guys don't get fucked in prison.

They get fucked in the ass.

Semantics.
They should do a where are they now episode on Waldo.
They put blacklights in strip clubs so you can easily tell which strippers are going that extra mile.
Bowling balls are whores letting just anybody finger all their filthy holes.
Tragedy was averted in Paris today when a mime bomb went off in a crowded market, luckily the explosion was contained by an invisible box.
Number 2 pencils are pretty shitty
RT @shroomgirl_77: When my boyfriend wakes me up with sex in the morning i like to snail trail his pillow while he is getting me a cum r ...
I need to buy a bigger house. There just isn't enough room to cram even one more hooker under this one..
Can't we all just hit a bong?
It's Saturday morning. Don't get your expectations up.
"Time for round Jew." - Stage intro for an overweight Jewish guy
Dick cheese.

There, I said it.
I don't know how I ended up in this nursing home with my pants around my ankles but you know what, it just feels right.
RT @ritechus_kevin: My favorite vegetable is my grandma :(
Something about sitting in the drive-thru of McDonald's that makes you wonder where you went wrong in life.
People in the south are smarter than you think. Like %50 of then are chemists.... Meth doesn't grow on trees you know.
After drinking three 5 hour energy shots I have transcended humanity. I AM DEATH ITSELF, BOW BEFORE ME! also may have crapped my pants
Thanks :) @karencreets @painted_eel @TheTennisPhenom @bourbonmelikey @pat_hm @ChipMurphys @scrirc @DirtyMelodies @anniemonster
I would like to give all of my new followers an uncomfortably long hug.... shhh just relax... Let it happen
Thanks for the overly kind words sir @Eric_Bader
For a good time #FF @Eric_Bader @StuffZacLearned @Mothpete @jer_bare @Ginlicker @WowItsStephen
@MrsT_2012 @Bigshirtlescol @notgavin @tinytwinks @MongyPaul @diaryofaledger @Optimism86 @handmademumma @Ninjamitch thanks
The movie Paul Blart: mall cop changed my life.
People say "cute kid" then laugh when I reply "make me an offer". I wouldn't have stole this fucker if had known it would be so hard to sell
Amish anarchist have barn razings.
I'm not even sure a moose has knuckles
Tweet your meat
Waste of paste.

Didn't even cop a buzz.
My liver just called me an asshole and then cried a little. 

I HAVE A TALKING LIVER GUYS! THIS IS FUCKING AWESOME!
Sext: $25.... my final offer
Whenever I get blackout drunk and wake up in a puddle of puke and urine I always think "I hope this is all mine"
In space you wouldn't know which way you were fucked.
I swear I will only ignore you most of the time. Whenever I'm hungry or horny you will have my full attention. -Other guys.. not me, promise
RT @joeljeffrey: It really ruins your day when the girl youre stalking gets fat. You have any idea how hard it is to find someone new &  ...
Attach tiny penis and large tits to a kitten. Then have said kitten play with yarn while eating bacon. Instant internet sensation!
When I go out to dinner with my girlfriend I like to take her hands in mine, gaze lovingly into her eyes and whisper "I just sharted".
"They're gr..*cough* Sorry. Let me try again.. they're grea...*gag*.. I can't do this. I'm sorry." - Frosted porn flakes.
I hid the cat nip cause my cat has been staying up all night making noise and running up the phone bill. You need help Mr. Jingles.
"You gotta live a little! Hop a boxcar to Mexico. Get drunk at the chicken fights. Bribe a cop with meth. Broaden your horizons son." - Dad
RT @JoeVelouria: I was called self-deprecating, so I figured I'd go for it and shit my pants. Now I know the difference between deprecat ...
Ok, I'll stop now. That was a shitty joke eruption.

Happens
My dad walks into a bar and what's new, he has a tab.
A whale walks into a bar and suffers a slow agonizing death being crushed by its own weight.
A girl walks into a bar and gets hammered then her fat friend insists on taking her home.
A lumberjack walks into a bar and has 3 drinks then goes home.
These are the jokes. You may have set your expectations too high.
A priest walks into a bar and is excommunicated the next day.
A bear walks into a bar and 4 people get mauled to death before police are able to kill it.
A guy walks into a bar and gets a concussion.
Thinking of all those virgins is what makes a terrorist explode in his pants.
It's almost impossible to fully commit to punching yourself in the face but don't take my word for it.
Macaroni and bees 
#unlunchables
@Eric_Bader a fat girl with no tits is a flatso, or so I've been told.
It would be easier to sympathize with you if you were topless. Every stripper knows this.
My boss is out sick today and now I realize half the fun of tweeting was trying to keep him from catching me fuck off to do it. Sigh..
Let's all pretend I'm funny.

Come on its fun. I do it all the time.
If you don't mind the cat's gonna watch.
My kingdom for a spork.
This microwaveable cup of Mac-n-Cheese is all I need to know I've hit the big time and success is delicious.
Shaved my entire face before it finally dawned on me why my razor smelled like balls...
I think my tweets are broken.
Sticking your dick into a doll house is a huge ego boost. Get your own doll house though, those kids at the daycare don't like to share.
Meanwhile Donnie Wahlberg is laying on a sidewalk under a fallen streetlight yelling for help as people walk by avoiding eye contact.
Mark Wahlberg says if he was on plane he would have thwarted 9/11 attack. Has no comment on why he didn't avert the making of The other guys
You got your dick jokes on my political tweets! You got your political tweets on my dick jokes! And then they fought to the death. The end.
Vegetarians are grapists!
Wow twitter is really up on its SOPA box today. Amirite guys.
Note to Favstar: Hey, I'm not fucking Japanese. I can't read this shit. Thank you
Does anybody remember the Dewy decimal system?
In hindsight getting that Xbox 360 kinect as a birthday present for Stephen Hawking was a dick move.
I'm so happy I could hug you till you stopped struggling.
Scientifically proven to help weight loss, cure dry skin, acne, & repair split ends sperm is natures best medicine. #FactsWithoutWikipedia
The government has your best interests at heart and will make everything ok. Promise.  #FactsWithoutWikipedia
Open your hind
SOPA is what you're not supposed to drop in an Italian prison.
#FactsWithoutWikipedia
#FactsWithoutWikipedia Kim Kardasian was awarded a Nobel peace prize in 2010 for uniting the NBA, NFL and rappers in peace and herpes
.@RighturnClyde actually its a kitten auto-erotic asphyxiation video that ends in tragedy.
Val Kilmers career was effectively ended after he was videotaped eating kittens in August of 2006  #factswithoutwikipedia
For future reference, all DM complaints/criticisms will be answered with a link to a video of a kitten playing with a plastic Wal-Mart sack.
Has anybody made the whole "Monday was the blackout, the mail didn't even run" joke yet? What? I'm the only asshole here?
We aren't gonna do Wikipedia jokes ALL day are we guys? Guys? We aren't gonna do that right?

Fuck.....
One good thing about a neck tattoo is that you get own seat on the bus.
Wikipedia would black out on a day when I have so many Hanson questions.
Text conversation between me & my girlfriend: Her- I'm hungry whats for dinner tonite :(  Me- 8==&gt;~o: Her- you're an asshole! Me- :)
"If you wanna come back to my place I'll make you a sandwich" - Ted Bundy
Saw Rise of the planet of the apes yesterday, had that D-bag blond kid from Harry Potter in it playing a D-bag. Not sure he's acting.
Now that he is a father Jay-Z has vowed to no longer use the word "bitch" also saying people who use the word are "insensitive cunts".
Let's go on a picnic. I know a nice secluded spot where nobody will ever find you, err us. I meant us.
The plus side of shaving off my pubes is now when I pull out my junk in public I can tell the cops i get confused sometimes after my chemo
They say Jesus was a carpenter with 12 roommates but I met him last week and he does landscaping. The 12 roommates part was right though.
People talking politics on twitter is like politicians having a town hall in a strip club.
I go to subway resturaunts to pick up girls. I like to see how good they are at making a sandwich before I waste money taking them on dates.
Disclaimer: Starring my shitty jokes only motivates me to write more shitty jokes.

According to my lawyer I had to post that.
I imagine the anxiety that one would get trying to defuse a bomb is only slightly worse than the anxiety I get when I shave my balls.
Tebow should have said a few less hail Marys and throw a few more hail Marys.
When Michael J Fox and Muhammad Ali hang out they spend most of the time silently agreeing with each other.
What the fuck guys, would somebody please get Muhammad Ali a coat.
A retweet from a guy with five followers is like making out with your sister. Not my sister, your sister. Didn't know how to tell you dude.
Wouldn't it be surprising if I was Oprah hiding behind a fake name & creepy white guy avi just to tell dick jokes. Dick jokes for everybody!
The extent of my psychic abilities is being able to see five minutes into the future when I hafta go poop.
I opened a summer program to help kids with A.D.D. but it met with controversy. Concentration camp was a bad choice for the name it seems.
If %90 of your TL is dick jokes but the other %10 of the time you slip in an inspirational tweet I hafta assume you're bi-polar.
I think I finally have enough tweets to send a link of my TL to my mom and get that whole inheritance ball rolling.
The peanut is a hemohroids natural enemy.
He went to the stereo and hit play on track 4. When he turned around she was angrily getting dressed. His dyslexia had foiled him again.
Last night my girlfriend woke me up farting loudly. Luckily I keep a patch in the nightstand so I fixed her before she completely deflated
The fresh towels and mint on the pillow say "Welcome to Holiday Inn" but the bathtub of ice and hastily bandaged abdomen scream "Mexico!"
Asians can get away with being stoned in public better than anyone else.
Is today 1 of the Jewish holidays where they don't use electronic devices? Is there 1 soon? I gotta get these Hitler jokes out of me damnit
I can't help but assume that fat girls swallow.
If you think Mexicans are snappy dressers, hang out at the laundrymat on Sunday when they're down to their last butterfly collared shirt.
I joined a gang once but they beat me up the very first day so I quit. Fucking jerks.
Hey. You guys here weekends too? I thought we were just doing this to avoid work. My bad...
I talk to girls about money, politics and religion sometimes to remind myself that I will agree with any bullshit if you have nice boobs.
Welcome to twitter! Feel free to post all the weird shit you're afraid your real friends will shun you for.
"Teats" is fun word to shoehorn into a conversation with your mom.
I'm not above wrestling a midget..
Maybe the propaganda about Kim Jong Il wasn't all bullshit. It's pretty goddamn impressive. He's been planking for weeks.
Just found cracker crumbs on my shirt & thought "when did I have crackers" then recalled soup on Tuesday. Anyhow, it's laundry day I guess
"@selfgovus: #FF #IHeartIrreverence @BatesMaster @TenderBitts @ShawnGarrett @oozycooze" Thanks!
Make love not whores! LOL I'm just kiddin' Alabama. I'm a huge fan of your whores.
Make fun of rednecks if you want but if there's a zombie apocalypse you're probably gonna wish you were friends with a few. They're armed.
Before you fuck with me you should know I've seen Lethal Weapon an unhealthy number of times.
I'm not against women breast feeding in public, but only because they always scream at me when I try to get that close.
#FF @Mothpete @WowItsStephen @Aspersioncast and @StuffZacLearned highlights of my TL
#FF @Eric_Bader really funny guy and also directly responsible for a large portion of my followers. Appreciate you man
Group hug everybody, but not you guy with the bleeding vagina avi. You creep me out, seriously.
Girls have hopes, dreams and aspirations in life. Guys want blowjobs. The end.
I'm certain my cat wants to kill me. Luckily he is subject to drowsiness and naps often. I use that time to plan my defences.
@IamHellGirl It's an imperfect system, I admit.
I rate girls by the number of Jello shots it takes to get them to take their boobs out. If It's over 20 she's probably fat.
"You're wrestling with a dick, son! BOOM BITCHES!" - funny things to say in an AA meeting
Hate it when the ATM gives me new bills. I perfer my money to have been processed through the sweaty thong of an afternoon shift stripper.
They say God works in mysterious ways but throwing blocks down field for Tebow isn't one of them people.

Probably....
Thanks so much for the Totd @WowItsStephen I needed something to put a sample in for the doctor. The sandwich bag didn't work out as planned
If I made a list of things I really don't like spiders would be on it but tits wouldn't be listed, spider tits would be like top 5 though.
I've never seen a ghost but I heard my girlfriend fart in her sleep once. Totally unrelated facts.
Thanks for the Totd @NajmaSky25 I will fill it will Jolly Ranchers cause I couldn't eat them all.
Tim Tebow is the most famous white bronco since Lindsay Lohan did that stint in Mexican theater.
If I learned anything watching Talking Heads videos its that cocaine makes you sweat like a motherfucker.
For $.39 I could feed an impoverished child for a day, or I could buy two handfuls these Jolly Ranchers... Kid needs to learn to hunt.
Do you think Ted Bundy ever shoved a body in the crawl space under his house then said "smell ya later" when he left as a goof?
"I'm 36 years old we've went over this a thousand times. I'm not gay dad." *hangs up phone, liberally applys lip stick* - not me
Is there not a niche' for Chuck Barris humor on the internet?

For shame...
This is terrible I'm all out of tweed! I cleaned my gong for nothing! - Chuck Barris problems
"I am the walrus." - a walrus
I love a fappy ending.

That's been done already right? Fappy ending?

Has it? I research nothing so.. oh it has.

Oh good.
Hugs are free.

Hugs with erections, also free.
You guys use the word cunt here so much that I think everyone is becoming desensitized to it. It barely phases mom when I yell it at her now
Porn stars get to write off viagra purchases on their taxes... If you needed another reason to envy them.
What's a acceptable amount of blood for a heterosexual man to find in the toilet after he poops? It's none right? I think its none.
If you iron a waffle it just makes a pancake right?
I've seen at least 20 dick jokes and more than a few Hitler references already this morning so I assumed we were all immature adults here.
Unfollowing is one thing but taking away stars is just mean.
Do you hafta be a Reverend to make a living off of racism?
Funny joke: pres candidate makes platform, family values/fix economy while fucking aide/making mils on stock mkt.Stop me if you heard this 1
Hardcore muppet porn.

It's the internet, somebody would watch that shit.
If you enjoy a good ska band we can't be friends.
That awkward moment when you snap back from a daydream to the voice of a cop asking why you're sitting on a park bench with no pants.
I swore to myself that I would try harder and not write any shitty tweets today..... so......... Yeah, talk to you guys tomorrow I guess.
My TL is nicknamed the twittanic. Over laden with lame jokes. (Like this one) it slowly sinks to the briny depths.
Fuck writing new shit when I can just holla back old shit. I'm a pretty big deal.
Made a joke about my grandpa dying of AIDS about 3 hours ago. You guys should look it up. It's a hoot.
Girls love diamonds much less when thrown at their heads while they sleep.
Stare across the room at cat."Last one Mr. Jingles! For the title!" Slowly start circling each other as Bad Company blasts on the radio.
RT @LtFrankDrebbin: Writing up a tweet here boss!....

Writing it up there Luke...
Gonna do some push-ons, work on my glats. Maybe hit the enlistacle for 30 minutes or 2 hours. My body is a pimple. *Duplex*  for tha ladies.
Air Force pilots dog fight all the time. Why aren't you on top of that PETA? 

Fucking hypocrites.
LMAO It's funny cause grandpa died of AIDS years ago.
Visited grandpa but he didn't recognize me. He yelled "Who are you! Get out!" Kept pointing to pictures of strangers on his walls. Poor guy.
I usually make about 5 boner jokes a day, maybe 5 1/2 or 6 on days with a lot of boob avis in my TL. That's average right?
Eventually if everyone keeps making fun of the south they will stop making all the strippers. For fucks sake start being nice.
I question some of you and your motives... Handing out trophies to just any Boob avi. You do know that's probably a dude right?
I just realized that I'm kinda slow.
Mittens Romney for secretary of feline affairs 2012
It's times like these that I ask myself "What would Brenden Frazier do?" but then I think. I don't wanna get a job at Home Depot.
I don't understand why people buy smart cars. How the fuck are you gonna haul off a body in that thing?
I fought the bra and the bra won.
If tweets were hotels I would be a overwhelming success. I crank out 5 star tweets all day.....
Yesterday the police showed up at my house because I put my cell phone in my front pocket and my cock called 911 for domestic abuse.
Suicide pacts never turn out well.
I can tell when my girlfriend is upset, but I stopped asking her "what's wrong?" when she stopped saying "nothing!" and started telling me.
I was reminded I live in the south yesterday by a guy at my door trying to sell me steaks out of a pick-up truck.
My local classic rock station just played a Nickelback song. Will the jokes never end.
Accidentally emailed a cock pic to all contacts. Responses are starting to come back and its not good. Only 1 positive reply.

Thanks mom
In hindsight carefully clipping letters and words out of magazines and pasting them to paper was the wrong medium for my Hanson fan mail
Chili's baby back ribs are made from real babies!

Probably.
Fighting the urge to watch Ellen and eat bon bons till I instinctively punch myself unconscious.
Let's all pretend we care about stuff.
Never felt as sexually inadequate as when I masturbated with a wind sock.
#mybeyoncebabyname unreasonable expectations
#mybeyoncebabyname Millard Fillmore
Global warming, crashing economies, juggalos getting G.E.Ds. The end is near my friends.
The plain white t's make music to choke to death on a rice cake to.
"That's the shit that killed Elvis" -drug dealers / Graceland plumber
Twitter is internet herpes.
I told you it gets worse....
Going through law school then ending up working at a laundrymat is irony.. get it. Iron-E.*plays Benny Hill theme/cartwheels into traffic*
But wait... It gets worse.
Judging by the response this morning my jokes have finally reached an unacceptable level of terrible for twitter.
Loudly clearing my throat 2 get attention then winking & making over exaggerated nods 2 an obvious & growing erection is how I ride the bus
Newt Gingrich has been making group hugs awkward since 1974.
@LtFrankDrebbin he was going too but she got so weird he couldn't take it and skied into a tree instead.
I spray my cat n the face with __ when he's bad and spray my girlfriend n the face with __ when she's good. Dirty minds! Cat gets the semen
High hopes 4 the daughter of superstars Jay-Z & Beyonce? Sonny & Cher were superstars when their daughter was born Guess how that turned out
@JoeVelouria Depending on the cadence that joke could be about really hating dolphins or REALLY liking dolphins.
"What do I hafta do to get you into this car today?!?!" Is a phrase most often used by car salesmen and rapists...

Coincidence?
Just made a joke about a movie released in 1987 because I like to stay fucking relevant and shit.
The movie Innerspace was a gay porn if you think about it. Martin Short spent almost 2 hours of that movie with another man inside him
My saying "Am I Charlie Sheen or is it cold in here" had just caught on but now Charlie says he's not crazy anymore and it ruins the joke..
According to the zip-lock commercials if Jay-Z's daughter Blue grows up to marry a guy named Yellow their kids will be green.
Ok Stephen, blink twice if you want ice cream with your cake.
I want that last tweet to be my obituary.
Make funny joke on the Twitter get many star and prestigious fake award. Have massive stroke screaming "I win" from rooftop. Die with boner.
I'm not going to make fun of Tim Tebow anymore... Just in case.
My super power is causing long uncomfortable pauses in conversation with my co-workers.
That awkward moment when forcing yourself to laugh at your bosses stupid jokes you inadvertently let out a loud fart.
When alone on an elevator with a girl I maintain constant eye contact whispering "Its gonna be ok" so shes not too intimidated to ask me out
3 out of 350 people agree that I'm a hack while 7 more didn't notice and 340 are bots that keep offering hot singles in my area.
I just made a comedy hack joke and the universe exploded in irony.
"I see dead people" - comedy hack mortitians
It's Sunday so would someone please post a bible verse or something so I can at least pretend reading all your filthy tweets is like church
My butt just burped.
Drank too much last night and this morning I'm very scatter brained and confused. Is this what Gary Busey feels like every day?
I'm not very religious but I find myself praying on the toilet quite often. Mostly just pleas for death really.
My food baby is coming out breached but my girlfriend refuses to get in there and turn it for me. She may lose us both
That embarrassing moment when you inadvertently drop the F-bomb while talking to your grandma.
I read an article about the top foods that give you gas and raisins were listed. Now the phrase "raisin farts" is forever lodged in my brain
RT @sushi_goat: Lol "empathy"
I like to get out of my car at stop lights and give hugs to panhandlers. That's what they really need.
RT @Cheeseboy22: My new hobby is hugging Walmart greeters and whispering in their ears, "Thank you for your service."
When I ask a girl out I remind myself that I have a +2 in charisma then roll a 20 sided die for a confidence bonus. How am I still a virgin?
Got my mail order bride today but they apparently didn't cut any air holes in the shipping box. Hope they have a return policy.
I slept in on my day off and now I feel like I wasted valuable fuck off time.
RT @GrizzGriffiths: English has so many words but I use about 30 of them
Peeing in the shower is not a big deal, unless its a baby or bridal shower........apparently
The Twitter servers are made from the crushed bones of orphans to handle the constant flow of dick jokes and asshole remarks, or so I hear.
Psychic hookers will blow your mind.
RT @LtFrankDrebbin: These Dove Chocolates taste like Soap!
@Dong_Hanger nah I bet It's a team effort. They look like their troopers and get right in there.
The nursing home visit was a complete disappointment. Just a bunch of old people, not a single breast feeding to be seen.
@Dong_Hanger Nice avi. Twice the nagging with half the vagina
Federal anti-trust laws somehow don't apply to females as a gender even though they clearly have the vagina market cornered.
Compiling a list of Rick Astley songs to be played at my funeral. Should help ensure that everyone is adequately upset, optimize tear flow.
I'm under the impression that anyone who follows me is easily amused and has low standards, or you're all kittens. *jingles keys*
RT @FRANKSTALICIOUS: Squirters can be so pissy sometimes.
If you had read my time line before hand you would know DMing me and saying "where's your since of decency?" Is a retarded question.
RT @StuffZacLearned: I hate that my library has zero books on how to kill people with a boomerang.
Aim low! - Aspiring midget hunters
A ToTD? I don't get it.......

Many thanks my friend @GrizzGriffiths
I star tweets I don't understand just so people won't know it went over my head.
Dad? @slennonharris
If I just post a shitload of tweets, odds are I will say something funny eventually. - My Twitter strategy
I've found that ever since I nicknamed my penis I.D. people ask to see it a lot more.
My girlfriend says the cutest things. Like, "How did you get in here?""Who the fuck are you! "and "I'm calling the police! She's adorable.
Just think in 50 years we will all be tweeting shuffle board scores and how we won $25 playing bingo.
If the appeal of those Burberry models isn't that they look too weak and emaciated to put up a struggle then I just don't get it.
If there isn't a gorilla in the Beijing zoo named Hu flung poo then I just give up all hope for Asia.
Ladies, if you have a dog and peanut butter in your house I hafta assume the worst. Blame the internet.
My girlfriend took out a life insurance policy on me so in response I did the same for her. It's just a waiting game now.
Hope nobody caught that cluster fuck. 3 tweet deletes before I got it right...
Have a new follower with "empathy coach" non-ironically listed on their bio. I give it a day.
Oh those stars are just hurtful...  @TenderBitts
I swear I will start posting Nickleback lyrics if you guys don't validate me with fictitious awards!
Ran out of bad Twitter jokes.

I can almost hear the 300 sighs of relief..
You guys really do like your dick jokes around here.
Welcome new followers! I hope you enjoy the uneventful ride with cries of "Meh" until you unfollow me for making a Hitler joke or something
@greggified as with most of my tweets I'm sure it will be very few lol
Global warming. Iowa caucus. Myan calendar. Don't fret, Yellowstone natnl park is the earths reset button. #Inspirationaltweet
The radio at work is on a country station and I just heard the best country song ever, think its called emergency broadcast system
My outreach program of giving free wrestling lessons in the park has gotten all negative reactions. Except for 1 guy. He was super excited.
All this time I though a caucus was a gay pick up line. Thanks for clearing that up Twitter.
Think of all the disappointments you've had in life and how they led to this moment reading my tweet. Add 1 more to that list. Ur welcome :)
I really just post whatever shitty joke comes to mind without any thought whatsoever. Not like Facebook... My mom's on Facebook
Sluts are born with "HI MEN!".
Building a elaborate Rube Goldberg using 1000 marbles, Ace of Base mix tape, Malibu Barbie and a dildo that culminates in delicious waffles.
Suck it PETA.
At gunpoint.
I want to hold a puppy.
I may not have star fucked you, but rest assured I fingered your tweets.
Amused. bemused. emus. snow shoes. Cockatoos. Orthodox Jews. Evening news.

Please.
Make it stop.
Are Twitter poems worse than regular poems? I don't read poems normally so I can't tell if you guys just suck at it.
Twitter is a lot of pun.
I've decided to repost some of my old tweets that I think were under appreciated. So get ready for some deja' boooooo
Cigarettes are a proven cure for dying of old age, so smoke up people I'm looking for a new apartment.
Guys, strippers have feelings too.
Ok, I deleted the typo tweet, fixed it, then reposted it. Happy mom!
So far my new years exercise regime has consisted of some Wii fishing and a 10 minute struggle to get my shoes on this morning.
Fucking typos
Guys who have beards but don't sell meth just look silly.
I can't apologise enough for that last joke.
If a girl chokes to death giving a blow job would the cause of death be a "cock block"
In the ever expanding universe where our universe amounts to a single grain of sand on a beach I'm outraged that the store was out of coffee
I shaved off all my pubes and now my cock looks like Bruce Willis with downs syndrome.
My new years resolution was to try harder at Twitter. But, you know, fuck it.
Been searching the net for a strategy guide for Wii resort fishing all morning. So yeah, to any ladies out there. I'm free.
RT @shroomgirl_77: Life is sexually transmitted and always fatal...........
I'm still not sure of anything that happened on new years eve except that I ruined my chances of ever running for public office.
If your girlfriend has ever giggled at your morning wood then you should qualify for PTSD disability benefits.
People not being able to see that CNN and Fox news are BOTH full of shit is the real problem.
Gonna spend the day playing hunting and fishing games on the Wii because I'm a redneck nerd.
Happy new years you filthy animals.
@no_ninja half black half machine.
Vaginas are a cancer upon mankind. A really cool cancer that guys will go to great lengths to obtain but in the end, they will kill you.
Cyborg Jim...... Yeah.. I mean if your gonna fuck with the classics go all out right.
I rewrote the rewritten Huck Finn. Jim is a cyborg now. I mean why not.
All cats are asian. Not racist, fact.
Ok gonna spend the rest of the day starring subtweets because, you know, Christmas.
Tis the season to be bitchy
Uncle fondle is one of the Wu-Tang clan guys right?
Midget assassins are always overlooked.

Yep.

I'm disappointed in me too.
I wanna wrestle a bear before I die. Just not right before.
I wonder if Kevin Bacon has ever put lettuce and tomato on his dick and tried to convince a girl it was a BLT....... I would if I was him
If somebody steals my tweets I really just feel sorry for them and their low standards.
You know, I would tweet more if I didn't always lose internet connection on my phone. I have better luck finding the G spot than the 3G spot
Took a poop this morning that was so impressive that I stood up and stood over the bowl slow clapping for a few minutes before I flushed
Three New years eve tips you will all ignore: 
1) Drink in moderation.
2) Ask for 2 forms of I.D. if she looks 18.
3) Tweet responsibly.
RT @HussyWorld: Just saw a guy wearing a World's Greatest Dad shirt. If he didn't have to fight atleast a	hundred other dads for the shi ...
If I could just figure out incorporate bacon into a dick joke forming a hybrid bacon wrapped dick joke I could win Twitter.
Twitter has always made me feel like a loser. But all of that changes today because I just won a free Walmart gift card!
RT @Burke62: Whenever I get a chicken leg with a broken bone in it, I wonder how much money he owed Colonel Sanders.
RT @Mothpete: Twhine T/(h)wīn/ 

Verb: The annoying, complaining sound people make when they feel their Tweets aren't Retweeted enough.
Thank you so much for the TOtD @Mothpete its a great honor. Expect a surprise hug later. Shit....shouldn't have told you that.
Writing a book called "Judge me!" as a slap in the face to idioms.
Standing on the corner screaming at cars while gently cradling a tickle me Elmo doll just won this dude my "crazy hobo of the year" award
I just want to hold you gently and gaze deeply into your eyes. The roofies just make it less of hassle.
"Ok Tim. We get it. That's enough" - Jesus
My girlfriend told me hearing a radio ad for Trojan bare skin condoms she thought "WTF bear skin?". I should be able to trick her into anal.
Ever been on your couch covered in Cheetos dust and realized you've been playing Call of Duty for 10 hrs? Yeah, me neither. I hate Cheetos
My phones auto correct is trying to make me suck at Twitter.
All I got for christmas is a neti pot and herpes.
Little baby Jesus is gonna star my tweets on his birthday. 

I know this cause I ate some shrooms earlier and the bathroom sink told me.
I don't wanna ruin the surprise of what I'm giving you for Christmas but its anal. You will be asleep though so it will still be a surprise.
So sorry. Tourettes.
I'm drinking a cup of melted butter with my pinkie straight out CAUSE I'M CLASSY LIKE THAT YOU BUNCH OF FILTHY CUNTS!
I should have just thrown the tacos directly into the toilet. Then I wouldn't be sitting here right now tweeting about it.
@shroomgirl_77 kraft. It's the cheesiest!
@shroomgirl_77 I live in your underwear drawer
Grandma was delicious.
Punctuation is important. It's the difference between "Let's go eat, grandma" and "Let's go eat grandma".
Concord rapes
I don't really give out stars so much as just kinda spray them. Enjoy your star bukake
Care bear market
Flapjack in a box.
Somalian music pirates.
No genre of music does crappy Christmas songs quite like country. Ye haw! Yippy kai kill me right now.
The best thing about having a son is buying him all the toys I want to play with.
All of my hugs come with an erection. Free of charge.
Found my charger!
It's ok people. The flaming red battery on my phone means the rant is over. 

So cold.

Hold me!
@shroomgirl_77 lawdy lawdy!
Disclaimer:  No grandmas were hurt in the making of this Twitter rant.
I feel right at home here with the degenerates.
After a rant of Hitler jokes and "go fuck yourselves" I actually gained followers... What's wrong with you people.
Britney started out on the Mickey mouse club by the way. Just to avoid confusion over my last tweet. TRY TO KNOW MORE THINGS..ty
"I think somebody slipped me a Mickey!" *And that's when Britney Spears began her downward spiral*
Also, if you're DMing me a complaint right now just pause for a second and go fuck yourself.
My grandma just blocked me.
Don't fret my phone battery is about to stop the madness.
I'm chasing all my followers off with a sharp stick. Just like dad.
Somebody help me! My brain won't quit vomiting bad ideas and shitty jokes onto Twitter!
Oh, I just made the naughty list..
"Self cleaning ovens!? Shit! I should have thought of that!" -Hitler
My oven doesn't clean itself, I don't care what it says.
I just want to see your tits get oiled up and fight each other. I don't think its that unreasonable of a request.
I tweet my fingers to the bone for you! All I ask in return is Bacon!
Love me now or, you know, Stockholm syndrome later. 

Up to you really.
The janitor where I work drives a nicer car than me so I'm pouring gasoline all over the office right now.
Well now I just feel silly..
What!? You don't like poop jokes all of the sudden Twitter!? Huh!? You suddenly have standards!? I don't even know you anymore...
"You've won this round, but I will be back in 5 minutes to finish you off! THEN YOU WILL GO DOWN!" -Me to a poop that won't flush
Christmas isn't the same since grandpa died. I really miss how he would sit around the fire with us kids each year and tell anal jokes.
There is a sign in my neighbors yard along with Christmas decorations that says "happy birthday Jesus". That's how deep in the south I live
I'm at 299 followers which means in 1 away from winning nothing and feeling no better about myself whatsoever.
Gonna make a sign that says "will work for 1/2 as much food as theses other guys" and teach local bums a lesson in competitive advertising
I was going to have sex with this really hot girl last night but I knocked a lamp off her table crawling through the window and woke her up.
Pro tip: Pro tips are the best way to give bogus advice on Twitter
My girlfriend ruined a pleasant conversation when she used the phrase "Underwear cheese" trying to be funny.
@gmossii then my work here is complete lol
My Favstar isn't working right so I can't tell if you guys are validating my averageness. Boo
RT @Elephart: Santana should record a Christmas album only containing songs about Santa and Satan.
Nothing will lose you your job as a mall Santa faster than an untimely erection.
If you think skinny people are always happy you obviously haven't seen a Burberry commercial.
The Edge clicks off tv show about Bonos latest charity. Turns on comp and Google searches beheading videos. *universe regains balance*
I told my girlfriend that her vagina looks like a downs-syndrome mouth cause its all drooly and half open. You know, in a good way.
Every time I think "ugh that is the worst joke I've ever written" I find out later that I'm wrong and hit a new low.
Flying V-neck sweaters for holiday suicide jumpers.
Took 4 Vicodin and a bong rip. Now I'm in an A-Ha video.
"Wow you really pulled that out of your ass" -phrase only used when somebody comes up with an unexpected right answer and in gay porn
Kim Kardasian must be pretty upset that she hasn't been the most talked about Kim for like two whole days now.
My friends were right when they told me Twitter was a lot of pun.
Cops are real jerks. I mean who hasn't cartwheeled a 1978 El Camino through a playground. No need to scream at me.
I'm gonna write a bunch of tweets and shove them down your throats today. I've seen something similar done in porn and they seem to enjoy it
Wrote a joke so bad that reading it aloud opened a portal into the fiery depths of hell and could I heard the devil himself utter a "ugh"
@FSUSteve that would hafta be a long blow job
RT @buck4itt: Ten people a year are crushed by vending machines trying to rob them or to get an item that won't drop. I'd say it was ten ...
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one!..............

So terribly lonely..
So many followers, so little talent for humor. -me
Tim Tebow finally lost but in his defense its gotta be hard to handle the ball with the painful stigmata.
WTF!? I didn't even know Kim Jong was ill... No? Nothing? What, I'm the first to pun it up on twitter when some asshole dies? pffft whatevs!
RT @shroomgirl_77: As my boyfriend plays Call of Duty, I lay across the room silently plotting his death........
The nice lady at the bar says I need to put my penis back in my pants and go home.
All the smoke in this bar is making it hard to eat my sandwich.
There is a milk carton out there somewhere with a picture of this girls three front teeth on it cause they're missing.
I'm gonna get drunk. Hit on some possibly hairy probably fat girls. Then pick a fight with a car and vomit on my shoes. So yeah, I'm awesome
Somebody punch me in the genitals. Gently. With your mouth.

No dudes.
My girlfriend can likes a good fisting but I hafta do "jazz hands" to get her off.
According to Quantum physics theory the finger I'm typing this tweet with right now is simultaneously in your butt at this very moment.
The bots are spamming me with all these links and promises of super hot porn today. It's like Christmas came early.
He mumbled complaints under his breath as he ate her realizing in that moment it was "wine and dine" and he had made a horrible mistake.
I'm not sure if I have the energy to write my usual amount of disappointing tweets today. So yeah, its a win for you guys.
"@DeadManSkipping: follow @ssHatMaddie @ahotcupofshutup @ABabesTake @MrLetdown @DosieDoe @TenderBitts @Sgt_Callahan @BillBurman #FF" TY
What's happening? Every day the same question, "What's happening?". GET OFF MY BACK TWITTER! YOU'RE SMOTHERING ME!
"@sunshinedreary: @HapaKoleaJen and @TenderBitts = so full of win." Thanks so much for the kind words :)
I just read a tweet that inspired me...to unfollow some asshole.
I don't need a fucking doctor I just need a prescription pad.
Wtf! I see you when you're sleeping! I know when you're awake! How come you sing songs about that fat fuck doing it and I'm going to jail?!
This Twitter block is killing me. I haven't written a good tweet since, well never.
It scares me that the more time I spend on Twitter the less time I spend wondering "What the fuck is wrong with you people?" Im assimilating
Everytime Donald Trump gets a new wig it means a family of eagles is now homeless..
@RighturnClyde if it's wrong then I don't wanna be right! Ya know what I'm saying! *nudge nudge, ok handsign, wink, fist pump, die"
Thanks for the RT
Starring your own tweet is like masturbating in public.
