UniquelySmexii
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1974201138/Pp6MX47o_400x400
Try this new way to feel great everyday!       http://t.co/OE3CRzrg
Been standinq at the bus stop for over 20 minutes
Taking off those pounds doesnt have to be hard, Read this. http://t.co/n1DaOpH1
A fantastic weight loss product! It's actually working for me  http://t.co/n1DaOpH1
Well my only birthday plan just wen out da window....
RT @TheReal_Cedd: Opppa Gundam Style.!!!  *does dance*
Kik me: @UniquelySmexii
RT @MyCrewBeOut: Lmao Regular Show is hilarious!
And ppl wonder why I dont eat food.....its cuz everytime I qet some food somebody always qotta take it from me
RT @MyCrewBeOut: Censored eminem is like censored porn its pointless
Exactly a month before my bday...so excited !!!!
RT @RockintheTRILL: Tomorrow, I shall get my certificate of attendance. And this weekend, I shall go to get my permit. I am determined.
Chocolate frosted flakes???
RT @BravoPosts: If Romney becomes President, we ALL might have to start reading the "Terms &amp; Conditions". We might Fuck around &amp; ...
The akward moment wen ur family brinqs up someone yhu no lonqer talk to......that was very akward
I saw @MyCrewBeOut today...i missed him
RT @RockintheTRILL: My current cravings: Chicken fingers, fries, and a vanilla milkshake.
RT @This_Is_Cierra: I gotta find some type of hype about this band practice. Or it's gone be forever.
RT @TheReal_Cedd: Disturbia is that movie
RT @TheReal_Cedd: I don't like to Dance.
I jus burned my tonque on this stupid hot chocolate
This debate is funny #vpdebate
Lol the look on Joe Biden's face
@RockintheTRILL im watchinq it too
@RockintheTRILL tired
@RockintheTRILL lol heeeeeeyyyyyy ggggiiirrllll
S/O to my first instagram follower @RockintheTRILL
@LoudNAdidas i love yhu too
@LoudNAdidas ok
@TheReal_Cedd sound like my dad tellinq me i need to pull my grades up
@LoudNAdidas ikr ima be sleep all day tomorro
been up since 5:30 this morninq
im bout ready to qo to bed....
RT @RockintheTRILL: P!NK, omg. &lt;3 I freaking love her. I love how Taylor Swift was saying 'I love her' as she clapped. &lt;3
RT @Innovator_Vibes: Rima is dumb for marrying Julie instead of Ashley. Ashley was and is your only real friend
#Nf @Innovator_Vibes follow back
Watchinq BGC
its all shiny
I qot some oil in it
It look better this time
Jus finished qettinq my hair done (aqain)
This sucks....
Man I cant even turn my head to watch tv
Best friend doesnt realize how much of a band qeek I am
I hate not beinq able to move
Uqh...
Urqh...
I want to qet up..
I been layinq like this for half an hour
This stuff in my ear is not even workinq
Cuz im a nice person like that..
If I cud I wud make best friend some soup so he wud feel better..
Im sooo bored..
I need some new qames on my fone...
&gt;_&lt; I love makinq random faces
I probably look weird too
I feel weird wit this piece of cotton in my ear
Its nearly impossible...
Tryinq not to scratch a mosquito bite
The hardest thinq to do....
Grrrr....
Nd it itches...
I qot a mosquito bite on my hand
Wish I cud make him feel better..
My best friend is sick..
Awww :-(
RT @BillyTheGirl_x: I hate eating cough drops ..
My tweets are finally loadinq
Yay!!!
I feel so lonely
I need someone to talk to..
I need some friends..
That was a stupid quedtion to ask
Im really dislikinq twitter rite now
I hate this smell
Now my pillow smrlls like burnt hair..
Nd this time its qone be real shiny
Nd I think my mom qone do it aqain
Its jus so dry..
I qotta qet some oil in this hair..
Bt layinq like this is hurtinq my neck
Bt if it uncloqs my ear I dont care...
This stuff in my ear burns...
I want to kno why nun of my tweets are showinq up
I need some more followers..
I hope its an A day
Is tomorrow an A day or B day?
I have a favor to ask of him
I need to talk to Antonio tomorrow
Im ready for band practice...
Oh well
Idek why we qoinq thru all this trouble wen its qone qet messed up at band practice
I kno samantha qone have somethinq to say about
I never tho my hair could qet this soft aqain...
My twitter is beinq stupid..
I need a new bathinq suit for our vacation
I need to qo shoppinq this week
Im tired of my ear beinq cloqqed
Hopefully it works
My mom jus put some stuff in my ear
@TheReal_Cedd kk I qot a new number tho
Maybe next year..
I dont even think im tryinq out for all state
Nd I have to learn the first 8 measures of this etude by thursday
So I know somebody wants to help me wit my math homework
I love his socks!!!
Nd I still want Antonio to buy me some socks
I need some ribbons to put in my hair
@TheReal_Cedd I aint talk to yhu in a while best friend
The only bad thinq is my sister wont be able to perform anymore
Ready for our next qame..
I still had alot of fun
Even tho our team lost horribly...
We need to play like that at all our qames..
Friday was Awesome!!!
Hey Best Friend @TheReal_Cedd 
Now that I think about I aint talk to my best friend in a while
I love makinq new friends!!
He's Awesome
His name is Corey..
I made a new friend this week....
He's the Best..
I dont kno wat I wud do if I didnt have friends like Antonio
Bt I understand where he's cominq from
The talk I had wit that one person on friday kinda made me sad...
AWESOME!!!!
4 days of skool this week
I cant wait
11 more days...
I wonder how ppl qone react tomorrow
Got my hair did today
RT @This_Is_Cierra: Will someone catch me up on Degrassi? Pleaseeee?
@iFeedHobos Ewwwwwwww Darien
@MizzMuzikJ No yhu wont
I love this movie
Watchinq cinderella
RT @RockintheTRILL If I don't get an odd-numbered locker &lt;&lt;&lt; -___- Just cause i'm short don't mean I like struggling to open my locker.
RT @BillyTheGirl_x I'm not yo daddy, I'm yo grandpa !
@sexyndi_knowit9 follow back
I thino Mexican nd black ppl wud make pretty babies....#RANDOM
Was it reallly that hard to believe?
This banana puddinq&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
@TheReal_Cedd kk
@TheReal_Cedd bt antyways....HEY BEST FRIEND!!!
I quess this is wat I qet for not takinq best friend to white waters
DUDE!!!! I JUS CRACKED MY FREAKING FONE
@TheReal_Cedd I'm sorry best friend....I still love yhu tho :-)
Bbl....
Finna take a shower to wash all this freakinq chlrorine off my body
Jus qot home fromwhite waters
Watchinq the haunting n connecticut
I feel soooo sick rite now....
Looks like ill be in bed the rest of the day
@MizzMuzikJ yhu so fat........jk
He finally texted me back.....an hour later
He ain't text me bak  yet so I mite jus qo to bed early
2 ppl told me they love me today...... I feel so loved
Watchinq family quy
Even tho I qot band camp for 9 hours
Monday is qonna be da best day ever
@MizzMuzikJ cuz its not true
@MizzMuzikJ stop sayinq that
@MizzMuzikJ NOOOO!!!
@MizzMuzikJ Nooooo
Yay!  He's off work
@MizzMuzikJ wateva
@MizzMuzikJ I do love yhu..... sometimes
@MizzMuzikJ I still love yhu tho
I still wanna kno how she plans to blackmail me ...
He needs to hurry up nd qet off work....I need someone to talk to
@MizzMuzikJ yhu can't blackmail me
@MizzMuzikJ are yhu sure about that?
@MizzMuzikJ I NOT TELL YHU!!!!!!!
I can't wait til Monday!!!
@MizzMuzikJ of course not......why wud yhu even say sumthinq like that?
@MizzMuzikJ yeah bt quess wat?
Gone be wit my Mexican family all next week.....can't wait
@MizzMuzikJ wateva
@MizzMuzikJ I planned to qo to sixflaqs like 3 times the only reason I qot to qo was cuz I was wit Celia
@MizzMuzikJ awww me either
RT @iFeedHobos #FirstDayOfSchoolThoughts please don't let me have 4th lunch
@MizzMuzikJ that's cuz yhu sui.....jk
@MizzMuzikJ The only thinq i did was qo to sixflaqs
@MizzMuzikJ I understand....i be feelinq like that too
@MizzMuzikJ Yhu always bored...
@MizzMuzikJ I will
@MizzMuzikJ Yep...ima be wit them all next week
@MizzMuzikJ Nun really hanqinq wit my mexican family
@MizzMuzikJ Thanks......srry i cudnt say that a few days aqo
IT WAS DELICIOUS!!!!!!
I actually cooked dinner today......NACHOS!!!!
Aint been on here in 17 days....shame
Its qood to be back on twittwer....
In the last three days ive only slept for 7hours
I always mess thinqs up
Cant never have a conversation wit her without her qettinq all sentimental
This is the response I qet from alot of ppl
My best friend is beinq a not so qood best friend
Me nd my sis sittinq here sinqinq love sonqs
I feel sick
Im hatinq my sister's computer rite nw
I have the weirdest friends!!!! ^.^ Bt I love them
My sis havinq an emotional nite
Wat do this qirl qot me watchinq?
Looks like I wont be qoin to bed early like I planned
Gotta masive headache
Im qone be real busy thiz week
Gotta qet everythinq toqether for my sis cookout next weekend
Kinda dont wanna talk to her ryte now
Maybe I'll text Sammy
Bored...need someone to talk to
I hate sleepinq wit my socks on #Random 
Gonna see Madea's Witness Protection in the morninq
Gone have family time tomorro
Watchinq the Boondocks
RT @SasquatchJay RT @FukYoFeelingsHO Lol they made Bill Cosby sound so retarded on the Boondocks
Layinq in bed eatinq a donut
Good thinq ashley went to sleep
I made a new friend
Had fun last nite
RT @RockintheTRILL Lust doesn't wait, but love does.
Gone stay up all nite wit @RockintheTRILL 
@RockintheTRILL LAMEEEE...
Probably qone have another talk soon
Now we jus chillen for a while
Then we talked about sex nd STDs
Dinner was pretty qood
Playinq the piano one more time b4 I leave
Tryna wake up even tho I havent been to sleep yet
Fina take a shower
@RockintheTRILL yeah lol
Good nite twitter
Ill be back in a few hours
Guess I have to find sumthinq to do
Bt theres nothinq else to do
I think its about time I qet off of here
I aint heard this sonq in forever
Np: Usher- Nice&amp;Slow
Bt I still love this sonq
This sonq is kinda depressinq at the moment
Np: Boyz 2 Men, Mariah Carey- One Sweet Day
Listeninq to some old skool sonqs
I feel threatened
Apparently I have a special kind of flirtinq
Hopefully it dont make me sleepier than I already am
Maybe ill jus listen to music for a while
Theres never anythinq on tv at this time of nite
Uqh....
My eye itches really bad
@TheReal_Cedd yeah yhu have
Im jus too lazy
Bt that wud require some major movement
I really think I shud charqe my fone
Even tho she sucks at it
Shes loves to sinq
Jus like my fone !!!!!
Our conversation is dyinq..
If yhu cudnt tell im bored outta my mind
Slowly.....Painfully...Dyinq
My fone is dyinq
Ill jus have to wait
Bt I refuse to qo to sleep while im talkinq to her
Im sleepy
My eye hurts
Apparently 4...
How many different animals can she be at one time?
She better be mad...
This sucks!!!!!
Bt honestly I am a lil upset
I promised her I wudnt qet mad
Oh well...its worth it
That wont be until about 5
Guess I wont qo to sleep until she does
Bt I dont want to stop talkinq to her
I need to qo to bed
Bt I like it
We have the weirdest conversations
Nd a bad one
She is such a liar
Wat he jus said was so qay
Watchinq tosh.0
Bt its all qood
Not the answer I wanted
I wud be way happier
If only thinqs were different...
Jus hope I dont qet hurt aqain
Bt then aqain im kinda qlad thinqs chanqed
Somtimes I wish we cud qo bak ro the way we were
Cuz shes jus that awesome
Jus for Samantha
When I learn how to play thepiano foreal ima compose a sonq
I feel like throwinq up rite now
I feel sick
Then I wud b happy aqain
I wish I had a liqhter
I cant play wit the candle anymore
I feel sad
For the first time ever
Uqh...its cold n my room
Bt I still love her tho
Even tho she can be a lil slow at times
I love talkinq to Samantha
This show is so stupid
Watchinq World's Dumbest...
Hopefully...
Me nd @RockintheTRILL is qone have fun tomorro
Teachinq this qirl how to spell spanish words
She didnt even kno how to say happy
This qirl swear she can speak spanish
Probably qone wake up at about 8
RT @SasquatchJay I am Hotter Than Phone Sex With a Blind Girl...
Gonna clean my room in the morninq
Or later...
Probably around 1:30
Think ima qo to bed early tonite
“@i619hoes Fighting for the fries at the bottom of the bag &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;”
Need to make sure everythinq is clean
Gotta wake up early in the morninq
Maybe I shud texted her
I havent talked to samantha all day
Gotta finish qettinq my stuff toqether
Startinq tomorro
Daddys house for 10 days
Ready to be wit my daddy
Cant wait for tomorro
Watchinq Family Guy
She finally finished her hair
It felt so qood
Jus qot out the shower
I had Mcdonalds twice in one day
Ive only talked to 1 person today
Bt she finally almost done
She been doinq this for 2 days
Watchinq my sis braid her hair
Good nite
Well im qettinq off twitter for the nite
Urqh!!
Like always...
Bt I cant sleep
Im so sleepy
Wat more cud I ask for
It will always be there wen I need it
At this point, music is the only friend I have
Still cant believe im qoinq to bed this early
A few more minutes of playinq wit my candle...then off to bed
Jus finished say my prayer
So maybe I shud jus say my prayer nd qo to sleep
Bt ppl are really startinq to make me mad
Its too early for me to qo to sleep
Im actually qettinq sleepy
Especially the way the flame flickers
Candles fascinate me
Then aqain, I never qet much sleep
Dont think ill qet much sleep tonite
I feel sick
Nd my hands are all shaky
My chest feels weird
This music is so depressinq
Listeninq to Taylor Swift
Very entertaininq at times like this
Watchinq the flame in my candle
Its 11:30 nd i jus decided to clean my room
I shud finish packinq my clothes
Finna text Samantha
Thinkinq bout all the qood thinqs in life
Watchinq Family Guy
@LoudNAdidas ok
See how she feels wen she aint qot no one left
We qone work this out
Bt yhu kno wat...ima qet over it
This is jus too much for me
I feel like my stepmom is doinq more for us than she is
Nothinq!!!
Nd wat is she doinq
Hes doinq everythinq in his power that he can for us
Especially my dad
Nd I hate wat this is doinq to my family
One day ima leave nd not come bak
This has been qoinq on to lonq
She qone be mad when she realize that everyone she love is qone
Idk how much lonqer I can do this
Need to qet this worked out....ASAP
Dad is qonna talk to my auntie this weekend
At this point, im bout ready to leave forever
Shes jus dont kno wat she doinq to this family
Shes everythinq to me
Idk wat I wud do without my biq sis
It breaks my heart
I hate seeinq my sis cry
The thinqs they say on Adventure Time be too funny
Its the only way yhu fat smelly fathead
Think ill qo play the piano in a lil while
One of my favorite shows
Watchinq Adventure Time
Layinq in bed, listeninq to music
Oh well ill text her later
I quess samantha fell asleep
Not tired at all
Im still up
Here we qo wit da random faces aqain
Ima lil country qirl
Listeninq to Rascal Flatts
Why is it only my room?
Its really hot in this room
She aint text me bak yet
Uqh....qettinq kinda bored now
So now we arquinq over Taylor Swift vs. Katy Perry
Thanks alot sis!!
Since my sis decided to do her project in my room
My room still smells like hairspray
Watchinq family quy
Oh well
Looks like neither of us will be qoinq to sleep
She jus needs to qo to sleep
This qirl is so weird...in a qood way
My Pandora rite now &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
She stay blushinq
We can never have a normal conversation
Idk why tho
Listeninq to love sonqs
Shes one of the only ppl who can make me this happy
Jus sayinq
Im the kind of qirl that wud rather wear basketball shorts than a skirt
That jus made me happy
Makinq random faces at each other
It jus suddenly qot hot in my room
As lonq as shes up so am i
Doesnt look like ill be qoinq to bed anytime soon
She probably will soon tho
Surprisinqly she hasnt fallen asleep on me yet
Very relaxinq
Listeninq to Taylor Swift
I hate wen she does this
Textinq my Samantha
Listeninq to music
Layinq in bed
Lol she blushinq now
I cant think of anythinq else that happened #InMiddleSchool....looks like im done
#InMiddleSchool Everybody talked about Ms.Poole
#InMiddleSchool Nobody liked the art teacher, Ms. Denge
#InMiddleSchool I wore some weird stuff
#InMiddleSchool I bouqht like 4 ice creams a day....i was fat!!!
I almost qot suspended my first year #InMiddleSchool 
#InMiddleSchool I was known as the sister of the qirl who always wears Nikes
#InMiddleSchool I was the qeek who eveeybody went to for homework answers
#InMiddleSchool I was the person everybody went to for qum nd sunflower seeds
#InMiddleSchool i was kinda happy no one knew who I was.....kept me away from all the drama
Or else im qonna die out there
I need to qet nak in shape b4 bamd camp starts
Determined to learn how to play the saxophone by the end of the year
She doesn't realize how much shes impacted my life
That means I qotta cook alot of food
Estimated about 30 ppl
Gotta prepared for this cookout
Gone be doinq alot of cleaninq at my dads house next week
She better be upset
Jus realized shes the only black person that calls me by my mexican nickname
She qone be mad if she dont qet this bracelet bak
Listeninq to some smooth jazz
Watchinq	Robot Chicken
As lonq as I qet wat I asked for
She'll qet it bak the next time I c her
I totally forqot I still had her bracelet
Samantha takinq a lonq time to text back
Maybe I'll jus text him
He will be ok
Im probably not qone call him
I still aint call him yet
Think this boy mad at me
Lol jus made her mad
She betta be happy she qot them braces off
Textinq samantha
Watchinq family quy
Need to find a friend to talk to
Im hunqry
Watchinq Law &amp;Order
Eatinq noodles nd watchinq Steve Wilkos
@RockintheTRILL ok qood
Good nite !!!
Ill jus listen to my music till I fall asleep
Uqh my stomach hurts
I dont feel too qood
Think ill be qoinq to bed soon
Listeninq to white ppl music
Think ill jus listen to some music
Tired of watchinq tv now
Maybe I jus need to find some better friends
Wats the purpose of havinq friends if yhu cant talk to them
I need to find someone to talk to
After I wash it
Now I can qive my lil sis her baq back
Its way better than the one I had b4
So I qot a new hello kitty bookbaq...
Gonna see Madea's Witness Protection
Goinq to the movies wit my fam on sunday
Preferably chocolate chip cookie douqh
I want some ice cream
Until somethinq else comes on
Watchinq Futurama
Oh well
Jus realized I aint do nothinq I said I was qone do yesterday
Jus like my sis
So bored im watchinq the tv quide channel
I have absolutely nothinq to do
Theres nothinq on tv
Urqh..its so cold in my room
If she dont im qonna be sooo bored
Need to see if @RockintheTRILL is qoinq to the lock-in
Ready for it to be friday
I need some new friends
Dont nobody wanna text me back
Watchinq Robot Chicken
Layinq in bed
This qirl jus called me fat
Watchinq Steve Wilkos wit my sis
So samantha aint text me bak
Its actually pretty qood
Yay! My sis fixed my fone
Think ill text my best friend
Bored....
Ain't nothinq on tv
Gotta find somethinq to do now
Feelinq qood now
Jus qot out the shower
Nitey Nite !!!!!
Guess theres nothinq left to do but sleep
Aint nobody to talk to
Since best friend didnt wanna tlk to me today
Goinq to bed early today
Oh well!!
Guess I was wronq
Couldve swore he called to talk to me
Now he decided to call me
Aint talk to this boy in a lonq time
Swear this qirl qot a sonq for everythinq I say
Feels awesome to be back
Aint been on twitter in over a week
Sounds like she would have a borinq life without me
She said im the bestest best friend in the world
While she was qone I had nobody to talk to
Feels qood to talk to her aqain
Finally started talkinq to my best friend aqain
Watchinq Columbiana wit my fam
Its actually fun
Throwinq horseshoes wit the fam
Time to lay down nd try to sleep
#LT *playinq
Platinq a bunch of random rhythms on my piano
@RockintheTRILL why not? Its qone be fun
Now that im done eatinq, back to the piano
Frosty flakes &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&gt;&lt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&lt;&lt;&gt;&gt;
The only thinq I could find to eat
Eatinq cereal
Still tryna find some food
Watchinq family quy nd listeninq to taylor swift
Let out my inner white qirl
Think ill listen to some taylor swift
Guess ill jus listen to music for now
I need someone to talk to
Ima qo to @RockintheTRILL house one day jus to irritate her
I need to have some fun
Me nd my mexican sis need to finish planninq thiz water balloon fiqht
Aint nothinq to eat
Im hunqry...
Mite explain the random tweets
Terribly bored at the moment
Even tho shes irritatinq sometimes..... I love my sister
Gotta see wat my cousin doinq tho
I really wanna qo swimminq tomorrow
Me nd my sis had some bondinq time today
Im probably not qone qive it back
Even tho I aint wore it in about a month
I still qot thiz qirl bracelet
Shes the best pianist I kno
Maybe ill ask @RockintheTRILL 
I could use some improvement
I need a piano tutor
I feel like im the only person that aint been to six flaqs since summer started
Oh well ill do it later
Got band camp im bout a month or so
Need to be playinq my clarinet
Think ill qo play the piano some more
When did watchinq tv qet so borinq
Cant wait to qo to my dad house so I can have some ice cream
I really want somethinq sweet rite now
Now we aint qot nothinq sweet to eat no more
Man we dont have anymore cookies in thiz house
Lookinq for an interestinq word search to do
Guess i'll do a word seach for now
Bored
The ones I have suck
I need sum new video qames
Jus need to work on a few thinqs
It actually sounds qood
Jus finished practicinq my piano
Mite text my cuzzo tomorrow, try to qo do somethimq
My day was so borinq
Bt thats qone stop me frum qoinq to my dad house
