wheeltrish
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/2839118209/84bcfdc1159c7ec93469fee6e9bda8b4_400x400.jpeg
@edsheeran my daughter and I were front row in DC in September. She got some amazing photos. Can we get them signed? https://t.co/1dIDrYYmiQ
Hoping to finally meet @Writer_DG tomorrow (later today?) at the George Mason University Book Festival... wish me luck!
@MrEricLange My son (age 13)recognized you as Sikowitz right off! Took me a minute. It was a powerful story line. Great episode!
OMG, it's TWINS! http://t.co/x4tDN7S3JQ
Hiya, Twitter! Long time no talk! I spend so much time on FB I seem to be ignoring you. I'll try to be a better correspondent.
@SamHeughan Not my idea of fun, but thank the weather for lending authenticity to the scenery for me!! Can't wait for Season 2!
I haven't tweeted in so long I thought I'd tweet now, just for the heck of it. Hello, twitterverse! What'd I miss?
@LeeAnnHealey #MDSW2015 Be there or be square--Hope to see you May 2!!
@MissDiana143 Happy Birthday, Starshine!
@MissDiana143 Lucky for you, he's a Clyde. His memory is pretty short.
@MissDiana143 No, I was explaining to grandpa how to improve his indoor flash photos.
@DaveAdler959 Long time DC area listener... have a question pls .Follow me so I can DM you? Thanks!
@MissDiana143 Hey, writing for a real job is 95% BS, too. That means you're on your way to being quite employable. Ask  me how I know. :)
@_theAustinBrown @thisisAsquared I agree! So amazing and innovative. I want to see more!
@MissDiana143 See? You are your mother's daughter. Last minute perfection is a marketable skill.
@MissDiana143 Yum!
@knitgrrl @terrishea My DD had the same thing at that age. Boy DID like her, but his tactic didn't do a thing for her. #deservedbetter
@HarrisTeeter Y'all forgot to put the tuna on my tuna sub today. New DC store is crowded!
New Blog Post: A Knitting Annoyance http://t.co/QPTaDrNCfk
@MissDiana143 Black slacks, black  t-shirt, black blazer, right? Very do-able...
@bgardner Curious why I keep getting mail on sales for the all theme package when I already own it? Can't your software filter me out?
@Turtlepurl I love yarny rainbows!! How many ends is that??
@MissDiana143 Sorry. sweetie. All is fine. Thank you for being so helpful today.
@MissDiana143 Hey, if you have that CD mommy needs to hear it...
@MissDiana143 Who says you get to sleep in? You are on brother watch.
@MissDiana143 Good for you... add some protein when you can
@MissDiana143 So... you like steak again?
@MissDiana143 Awww! How can you possibly eat such a happy snowman? (Was he delicious?)
@MissDiana143 Yum! Jealous!
@dadbert97 this book is narrated by David Tennant and is on sale today only for $3.99 at Audible. http://t.co/ZK1kmC0eDL
New Blog Post: (Not Even) Three Days in Geeksboro http://t.co/E5iAlgvYHF
@LeeAnnHealey I have questions about a kid flying (not unaccompanied, but not with parents) can we chat soon
New Blog Post: Rainy Day Pics http://t.co/aiPcXyvWIf
New Blog Post: Just a Lovely Afternoon (not) Knitting at Knit Group http://t.co/EI7MLOlESR
No thank you, Twitter, I am probably the least excited about the World Cup of anyone I know.
Sometimes, on Twitter, I feel like I'm witness to a private conversation taking place before millions. #nerds
New Blog Post: Renaissance Boy http://t.co/utCJLhbXiZ
@MissDiana143 Ha! SO GLAD you were WRONG!!!! Congratulations!
New Blog Post: Festival Booty http://t.co/pQiO25y4Pd
@SarahDrewGreys I hate it when people do this to celebs. Not fair. Part of the game, I guess, but not fair.
Don't know why, but it always makes me happy to open the peanut butter jar and discover that I'll be the first one to dive in.
New Blog Post: Sunday was Festival Day! http://t.co/2prr2vai2P
New Blog Post: Photo Geek Moment http://t.co/2otdgQtSIe
@wilw Haha... My great-great grandfather worked there while it was being built! Welcome to DC!
@ladydyefiberart Hmm! ok then! You and your yarn looked familiar! But I can't wait to see it in person next year!
@ladydyefiberart Oh that is so pretty! I will miss seeing you at MDSW again this year. Maybe next year?
Just got a new Yankee candle from @MissDiana143 's school fundraiser. In the candle warmer now. Mango peach. Smells YUMMMMMMM!
@indigirl OMG that photo is wonderful! You all look so beautiful!
@yakkopinky it was great to see you guys yesterday at Awesome Con! Pic here: http://t.co/3PBqTAookx
@amykjensen I SO wanted to share Little House books with my dd, but she would have nothing of them! ...pout.
Had the pleasure of meeting yakkopinky and @mauricelamarche at Awesome Con! They were awesome! http://t.co/RqQChELGvL
@LynneinMD @MissDiana143 I know, right? Why mess with a good thing? My seafood Alfredo sauce was very thin and tasteless, too. @olivegarden
RT @CrochetSpot: Here's a cute and quick bookmark pattern! http://t.co/raJQJT6MeM
RT @MissDiana143: Worst Olive Garden meal I've ever had
Oh, @olivegarden, you changed your sauce recipe, and my dd#1, who's been eating spaghetti and meatballs all her life, says, "yuck." Sad.
Almost 7 weeks in to my current knit project and I am only now starting the 2nd skein. I'm in trouble. #slowknitter
@MissDiana143 I may need your help this evening with a photo angle I want to shoot... you're a great photographer!
@indigirl So beautiful! Congrats!
New Blog Post: What I See… http://t.co/mz206OGLi2
Dang, if my allergies are going to be this bad already, can't I at least have some spring weather to go with it? #achoo
Wow. just re-read my blog post from the other day. It was full of typos! My vision (and attention span!) must be worse than I thought.
@slyknits Thanks for forwarding my blog post! KC is awesome, and so are you!
New Blog Post: Knit Companion: My New Best Friend http://t.co/OE2t6Kufjh
RT @TheEllenShow: If only Bradley's arm was longer. Best photo ever. #oscars http://t.co/C9U5NOtGap
And now the sun is peeking out? Come on, sun! I'm cheering for you! You can do it!
And... it's snowing again.
Just got the sensation of something cold and wet and slimy, as if a pizza mushroom had fallen into my bra. Oops.
New Blog Post: Just Jayne ‘n’ Me http://t.co/lgTLZgpb8O
DH just asked, "Who's winning, Slytherin, or Gryffindor?" Nah, he's not into sportsball.
New Blog Post: I’ve Seen the Light! http://t.co/bzfS7bme3F
New Blog Post: Yes, I’ve Been Knitting, Too… http://t.co/XOZC9tepX3
Very cloudy here, so no moon photo for me tonight. :(
@MissDiana143 Where is the "like" button??
That feeling when it's near freezing outside but you're so hot you're pouring cold water on the back of your neck. I haz it. #hotflash
@MissDiana143 And why are we flinging such scholoarly four-letter words today??
Santa's elves arrived early today and brought me a new dining room table and chairs. Now we won't have to squeeze for Christmas Eve dinner.
I love knitting simple little top-down hats so much it's a wonder I don't make them more often. I sometimes forget how much fun knitting is.
So, why, oh WHY do these colleges keep calling for my daughter when she's supposed to be IN SCHOOL? You'd think they'd know better.
For some reason I've been singing Polly Wolly Doodle all the day.
Just finished watching probably the only episode of #glee that I'll watch this season. I'm still crying,
RT @dadbert97: Having a blast at the @paulandstorm  concert! These guys are a class act! http://t.co/R2DLaABCcR
New Blog Post: Three Terrible Days http://t.co/71FfGDhNKe
Classic Grilled Cheese and Creamy Tomato Soup from Panera Bread. Mmmmm...comfort food.
A typical Wednesday night at my house includes the cacophony of multiple musical instruments. Sounds like the practice hall at conservatory!
New Blog Post: I’m Always Chasing Rainbows… http://t.co/J9qh2QRFq0
New Blog Post: Knitting for the Totally Obsessed http://t.co/KcNn8eUdWe
New Blog Post: I Spy… http://t.co/85UXJifyEJ
New Blog Post: Starting is… hard. http://t.co/rvaYGHl9pX
Well,crap. The casing on my camera card is cracked. Luckily I have another, and photos are backed up.
Just received my copy of the Australian DVD of the Zoot reunion concert,. Is there a way to watch it in the USA? I'm DYING to see it!
After a couple of false starts, finally found the right yarn and color combo for my next super-secret gift, Yay! knitting begins tomorrow.
Just spent the last three days being sicker than I remember being in a long time. Whew! Glad that's over.
@hizKNITS OMG that looks delicious.
Today because of Facebook a cousin I haven't heard from in 30+ years found me. The internet is a pain in my ass but today it redeemed itself
Wow... it's really pouring...
New Blog Post: An Unimaginable Gift http://t.co/O2xnP19umH
"Cathy" used to say that broken cookies have no calories because they all fall out. Does the same hold true for Oreos? I wonder...
My DH just got tix for @paulandstorm vs @wilw at the Birchmere in Oct. Should be fun!
New Blog Post: Senior Photos http://t.co/Ane0DsaNSk
New Blog Post: Lots to Update http://t.co/A1IPsm7uYg
Discovered Gate City Yarns while in Greensboro. Will blog about it later... but wish I'd brought my camera. Great shop!
Back from our there-and-back to Greensboro, NC, where @MissDiana143 participated in music camp. Performance was amazing!
Hmmm my last tweet didn't post to Facebook. Wonder if the recent changes affected that.
@CoryMonteith --Heroin and alcohol. Really?? Didn't anybody ever tell you that stuff will kill you?
@lynnholle did he reply?
Too upset to comment on the big news of the day, so I'll just say, Oh no, Corey Monteith... so sad. http://t.co/hGVXFYUmmd
We celebrated three upcoming family birthdays (a little early) by having dinner at @olivegarden, followed by lots and lots of CAKE. Yum.
Baby shower at knit group today was a success! Of course, there was yarn involved. And cake. YUMMY cake .
Steamed shrimp spiced with Old Bay. Delicious on a summer evening.
Man, why do I hate the first couple rows of any new project? Why is starting so hard? I wanna be in the groove already.
So bored... and too bleary-eyed to knit.
How I dislike the sound of (illegal) fireworks coming from my neighbors' yards. Every pop makes me jump. Damned CP.
Wonders whether wrapping my van in bubble wrap will help protect the newest driver on the roads. #pleasedrivegently #thatsmybaby
Slow day... knitting dishcloths and listening to audio books.
Sittin' outside on a humid summer evening dripping Cold Stone on my shirt with my boys. #summerisfinallyhere
Craving chocolate, damnit.
Tonight's dinner: Parmesan crusted chicken, noodles in garlic butter and parsley, and choice of vegetable, peas or green beans. Yum.
Love it when teacher and student play a pretty flute duet at the end of the lesson. Makes the investment so worth it for ME!
New Blog Post: Shawl Update http://t.co/GcvkAJi4Sj
Seeing all the Father's Day notes is bittersweet. My dad's been gone a while now, but it's hard to miss someone you only wish had been here.
@AnneWheaton I hate it when that happens...
@MissDiana143 You used to twist your hair so bad that you'd cut the circulation in your fingers. Had to keep it short enough so you couldn't
Dear 11-yr-old boy: We will not be installing Minecraft extensions on Mommy's computer. Ever. Again.
Off to find another audiobook to listen to while knitting... I'm on a roll.
@indigirl Maybe you just haven't tried the right recipe? Eggplant is one of my faves and I like it about 100 ways!
New Blog Post: Shawl Progress http://t.co/1ieuO3TNR4
Starting to wonder if the color combo I've chosen for my Color Affection shawl really works. The green is a little boogerish.
I had been looking forward to the 3rd Crossfire novel as a conclusion. Book 3 was a snore. Nothing more than a prelude to Book 4. Ugh.
Coal Fire + Signature Sauce = one freakishly awesome pizza!
New Blog Post: Ain’t No Sunshine http://t.co/Gk7a0lsbCR
Dear Spongebob, Please go away. You annoy me. ::click::
I think I need to eat a real dinner. Krackel bars don't cut it after all.
How did I miss it that the new Crossfire novel was waiting for me in my Audible library? Knitting and listening... NOW.
Somehow, I don't think a Krackel bar and Sprite Zero make a very good dinner...
I bought one pair of Addi Click tips and cords to see if I could work them before getting the set. Took a few mins but I've got it down.
@mk_carroll I don't know if that works or not but it sounds tasty!
Methinks I hear The Flight of the Bumblebee twittering from the back bedroom. Such a lovely sound...
Sure wish that idiot would answer my email. i grow weary from waiting.
@sparkli Awww they are so sweet together...
@DreamHost but explain to me why I would want this if I am already doing reasonably well with WordPress and (cheaper) shared hosting.
Flute lesson day is one of my favorite things. The house always sounds so pretty during those 30 minutes each week.
@MissDiana143 If we had canceled earlier, maybe, but now? Nope.
New Blog Post: Whole Lotta Knitting Going On… http://t.co/iiVA3cOp5l
Senior portraits and class rings? Already? Weren't we just blowing bubbles in the baby pool like, yesterday?
It is too early in the season for me to be feeling this hot already! Wonder if my personal thermostat is at work again...
I love knitting Saturdays...
@dadbert97 Yep.
The thing is, I think the knitting gods are telling me that I don't have the dexterity to knit. I'm getting that message, loud and clear.
Cat chewed circular needle cord, too, dangit. One of my really, really long ones, too. Thanks,cat, for teaching me a lesson.
Geez. you'd think that something that starts with casting on 5 stitches wouldn't drive me this crazy. But starting is always hard for me.
Breaking News: Boy with eagle eye (or at least, new glasses!) spies missing earring and rescues cat from yarn pile.
Stuck at the frog pond. And my purple earring is missing again. Not a great day.
Man, allergy meds on board and I still feel "biserable." ::snort::
Geez now I need to figure out why my tweets aren't showing up on my blog. It's always somethin'. If it ain't one thing, it's another.
@WoollyWormhead Ick. It's more like day 48 for me but then it's spring and I am allergic to anything that blooms. Sigh.
Hello Twitter Tools... are you working?
@AnneWheaton Not even sure I want to know what that's about...
Alec at @DreamHost restarted my server and my sites are all running again... for now. Maybe I will sleep tonight. A little.
@AndiSatt I am so sorry and I hope something turns up for you quick!
Just started the @DreamHost waiting game again. Support has been slow lately. Wonder how long it will be this time?
I love you, Clyde, but cuddling with you this time of year usually means a face full of cat hair. P'tooey!
@AnneWheaton Wow. That's a little scary.
@MissDiana143 90 degrees on what planet? Certainly not here...
New Blog Post: Hmmm… http://t.co/Eeh3TQcx1i
New Blog Post: Testing… http://t.co/aVOabQnM5J
New Blog Post: Shawl Glamour Shots http://t.co/2IUdOAn9gL
New Blog Post: Look, Aunt Pearl! http://t.co/Y0S3lUOrVZ
New Blog Post: Today’s Knitting Object Lesson http://t.co/gP32I1BQic
New Blog Post: It’s DONE! http://t.co/FStk73sVD7
Is it really Memorial Day weekend? Feels more like Veteran's Day.... Brrrrrr!
Kittens-1, Spider-0. Go Team!
Crap! How did it get to be 10:30 already?
What? Nothing to knit? Still trying to cast on and get going with my next project.
RT @dadbert97: Thought @wilw &amp; @AnneWheaton might like 2 see the board game my son made for his 5th grade English project #Tabletop http://…
hey @washingtonpost your Sunday delivery guy broke another spindle on my  porch rail by throwing the paper. No one home on Sun .to complain.
hey@washingtonpost your Sunday delivery guy broke another spindle on my porch rail by throwing the paper. No one home on Sun .to complain.
Ugh @DreamHost my site has been down since last night and I'm still waiting to hear from support. Frustrated!
That thing that happens when you're binding off 400-and-something stitches and you look back 200 ago and realize you dropped one. Yup.
I hate it how the dumbest little thing can trigger a memory, and then the missing begins all over again. Shit.
New Blog Post: Almost there… http://t.co/sXOhM2sBD5
Must. Keep. Knitting. Deadline in 4 days. Argh...
@MissDiana143 You have to take allergy medicine EVERY DAY for it to work. You can't just try it for a short time and give up.
@yakkopinky @Emileh_R But what if the person needs to know the nations of the world for the exam??
Last band concert of the year--done. I can't believe that summer is coming.
Can't clear the fog from my brain today. UGH!
My lovely daughter just treated me to a delicious lunch at a restaurant. She treated, and drove me there. Now, on to Taylor Swift!
I haven't knit since Wednesday. Clearly, with a deadline 7 days away, I am out of my mind. That is all.
One spring band concert down, one to go! Wow, this time of year makes for lots of busy.
Had an amazing afternoon visiting with old friends and watching their son rock out with his band for Cinco de Mayo! What a great day!
I must be sick or something.... only bought one kit at MD Sheep and Wool. Beautiful day so VERY crowded. Couldn't actually see much.
@dadbert97 That clip is included in my complete box set. I was amazed the first time I saw it. VERY cool.
New Blog Post: Stretching Exercises http://t.co/9TnnIwiMXa
Hey, that was Smoke on the Water I was hearing on your guitar, wasn't it? Rock on, girl!
Not a happy girl. My iPod classic appears to be toast. This is one thing I have trouble living without... Use it every single day.
Why is it that I can never sleep after a major national event? You'd think I'd know better and just stop watching the news.
The Boy decided his performance wasn't ready for prime time just yet. But, it may be coming to a YouTube channel near you. Stay tuned.
My son's school is doing an open mic  tomorrow, and he's being brave and singing and rapping Linkin Park's "In the End."  U Rock, Stevie!
Stupid tree frogs. Quit yer chirping so I can sleep.
New Blog Post: One Down… http://t.co/JSvKm2XR7l
With the news so overwhelming, I think I'll turn it off, listen to an audiobook, and knit for awhile. Knitting fixes everything, doesn't it?
Lots of pretty flute tootin' going on at my house. I Love Lesson Day!
On this morning when the news is so horrific, my cat Clyde is laying on my desk, casually biting his nails. Some things are normal.
Still knitting away on my color affection shawl. But, before the weekend is out, I will be working on the bottom border. I insist.
Wondering if #greysanatomy is on tonight. Kinda doubting it, since i didn't see a preview last week. But, hoping...
Forgot to mention yesterday. My A1C is down to 5.7. Love the insulin pump!
Taco night at our house. Plus one's on the Xbox and the other's hiding under a mountain of homework. Life is getting back to normal again.
New Blog Post: So Close… http://t.co/kOo6DxSezS
All traveling children have returned to home base. Everyone's exhausted, but a grand time was had by all.
Turkey sloppy joes? In the crock pot. Living room? presentable. Yarn swap? Ready. EZ workshop? In the player. Bring on the knitters!
Spring must be coming for real this time. I am now covered in shed cat hair. Thanks, Clyde, for the reminder of the change of seasons.
@MissDiana143 Spamalot was the musical that Sara Ramirez, aka Callie Torres, was in, before her gig with Grey's.
No kids for the week means I get to go on a date with my husband. On a Wednesday. Who knew Wednesdays were for more than homework &amp; laundry?
Still scratching my head as to why my 100% indoor cats who've had all their shots are required to have a license.
@LeeAnnHealey http://t.co/aMiHfF2S17 (Link to bal winder)
@LeeAnnHealey Strauch. It's spendy, but the best.
@MissDiana143 Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!!!!
Wheelchair battery nearly dead. It means I haven't gotten enough sleep lately and so now I "must" go to bed early. Goodnight.
@ribbitcat Yes, theoretically, but I think it's best to not discuss such things. :-)
My daughter, who won't eat my meatloaf, just ate Haggis in Scotland, and said it's "not bad." I think I'm insulted. :-)
Watching the Les Miserables 25th Anniversary concert. How is it that I, of all people, have not seen this before?
New Blog Post: Bonny Having Fun http://t.co/vgeFpwzzIj
Finally remembered the song that was stuck in my brain. Thanks, YouTube. http://t.co/IRkuDyjGsF
Wish I could remember the song I heard today. Something about water. A melancholy love song. Shoot.
New Blog Post: Hangin’ on a Saturday http://t.co/M2thxRS32Q
l;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; (Bonny the cat wanted to tweet that.)
New Blog Post: Easter Eggs, Anyone? http://t.co/GIaC29SYEY
Ears are ringing... loudly. I hate allergy season.
New Blog Post: Silly Clyde… http://t.co/VW6I7ANU6Q
The house sounds like a music practice hall with son on the clarinet in the living room and daughter on guitar and vocals in  the bedroom.
@LynneinMD We're not plowed here but I'm sure beyond our street is find.
@LynneinMD Sadly, not quite enough for a snow day here...
New Blog Post: I Didn’t Mean To… http://t.co/t2ln5xh3xk
@yakkopinky Signed photos received this week... thanks! I have a stuffed Pinky on my shelf that it will go with.
Ok, so I admit some yarn followed me home today from the Homespun Yarn Party. Good stuff, though... and buttons and shawl pins!
Really, Clyde, did you think purring at me was going to make me not notice you coming up on my yarn with a mischievous eyeball?
@MissDiana143 What did you do with the blu-ray remote??
I guess I am alone in this house when it comes to my love of Les Mis... Greatness can be lonely...
RT @MissDiana143: I'm done with this movie.
I'm gonna spend my evening watching Les Mis on Blu-Ray and knitting. I can't think of an evening much better than that!
So tired I can't see straight, but too antsy to go to bed yet. Maybe I'll knit for a bit and find SOMETHING on Netflix.
New Blog Post: Progress! http://t.co/eauO6pr6Nm
Now that I've watched all the episodes of Downton Abbey, what else is there to watch?
No, Bonny-kitten, I don't need your help with my knitting. Thanks, though.
New Blog Post: Live and Learn http://t.co/gwkmvWfChQ
Hmmm... smutty romance audiobook, or Downton Abbey episodes to go with tonight's knitting? Decisions, decisions...
@mandi When my kids were that age we always had the captions on on the TV. My 11 year old says it's how he figured out how to read.
@EmrgencyKittens this baby reminds me of my Clyde. This is one of his favorite sleeping poses.
My daughter is becoming an awesome singer. That is all.
Oh, Dear... where can my Ravelry be?
New Blog Post: Saturday Silly Cats http://t.co/Z5aKrf9iha
Sad... Twitter just suggested I follow someone who I know to be dead. I hate little reminders like that.
Ok so I've read and re-read the OPM operating status announcement, and as per usual, I don't know what the heck it means. Ugh.
Sigh. Kid who had total meltdown last night now has a fever tonight. Shoulda' seen it coming. Another Mother of the Year moment, for sure.
Some nights, the job of parenting is harder than what I thought I was signing up for, and beyond my capacity to have all the answers. Sigh.
It may be March, but I'm wishing for a snow day. Better late than never, I say.
16 minutes in to the first episode of Downton Abbey and I think I'm hooked.
Sunday afternoon knitting and Netflix. Think I'll see what the fuss about Downton Abbey is all about.
My entire body is grateful that today is Friday. I'll be breathing a big sigh of relief at 5:00 today.
Tonight's dinner: Creamy chicken noodle stew. Trust me; you're gonna like it.
Love Adele, as always.
Ok Anne Hathaway, what's with the nipple dress? REALLY?
Gettin' ready for Oscar! Looking forward to this year's special performances.
Listening to the sounds of Tom &amp; Jerry but not watching, the music is so sophisticated it's easy to imagine the action for myself.
@LeeAnnHealey Me too. We're having hot dogs. :)
If my ground beef says use or freeze by 2/19, and I just found it at the back of my fridge, can I still use it?
@LeeAnnHealey you need a case by Otterbox.
@LNelkin OMG that is so funny! I think I may need to steal it for Facebook.
Nails? Check. Hair? Check. Nap all day? You Betcha. It's been a good day. Now I have to act grown up and come up with something for dinner.
New Blog Post: Vive Le French Tips! http://t.co/LXpxlRrXrE
New Blog Post: Bad Kitty. http://t.co/NnKy4XL58A
Short commute this morning from kitchen table to desk, but time for an hour's worth of commuter knitting. Great way to start the day. Yesss.
Not feeling great tonight, but Katie Couric's Oscar special is making me laugh. Thanks, I needed that.
Sugar-free chocolate pudding and graham crackers for dipping. If I close my eyes, it's chocolate pie. It's what's for dessert tonight. Yum.
New Blog Post: Sunday Again http://t.co/HOm06u3i
New Blog Post: The Knitting Goes On… http://t.co/TBOfOcoS
@mandi This is my sleep pattern most nights. No wonder I'm such a zombie.
I am loving my color affection shawl but I'm at that stage where I just want to be able to move on to something else. #knittingblackhole
Been in a brain fog for days and only just realized I haven't had any caffeine. Must fix this problem. Now.
@yakkopinky It was really fun meeting you today at Farcon and thank you for the personal serenade! Here's the video, http://t.co/gk8uPect
New Blog Post: The World According to Yakko http://t.co/BwuNkQq7
New Blog Post: Friday Night Kitty Playtime http://t.co/epN9Qgxk
Crappy day overall, which is why I must knit a bit before going to bed. I don't care that it's late; it's a requirement for my sanity.
Starving, and waiting for my steak dinner that is actually a pizza.
@MissDiana143 Good luck with that...
Thank you, @Outback, for ruining my Valentine's Day. Get your act together. I won't be back.
New Blog Post: What makes you a man… http://t.co/zTR2x8qU
New Blog Post: Dreams http://t.co/g5vkI7Ob
New Blog Post: Breakfast Stealer http://t.co/ShRE3Fry
Kinda loving it in the no-snow zone today. Phew.
Goodness, it's windy tonight. The birds in their nests aren't getting much sleep and they're tweeting loudly in protest.
New Blog Post: Today’s Kitty Cuteness http://t.co/iNWx1Fpl
New Blog Post: I Do Believe, I Do Believe, I Do, I Do, I DO Believe… http://t.co/gBA9ZTgM
New Blog Post: Embracing the Exhaustion http://t.co/omhDH9nO
I think I love knit day most of all! I'll be late, but I'll be there! Yay!
@dadbert97 @ITISLENNYHENRY Chef! is on? That's one of my faves.. Love it!
@MissDiana143 , is it bad luck to wish you good luck? If so, don't want to do THAT, but you know what I mean. :)  Knock them dead! Love, Mom
Tonight's infusion set change: 16 minutes. Yeah, baby! I'm gettin' the hang of this thing!
New Blog Post: Sleepy Time Kitties http://t.co/aO7qRSpw
And... they're back.
Hey, @DreamHost my mailservers seem to be down... I hope it's just a quick little server glitch, otherwise I'll have withdrawals.
New Blog Post: Kitty Glamour Shots http://t.co/GKTOmZf0
New Blog Post: Book Review: The Knitter’s Palette http://t.co/aiRWIjLz
New Blog Post: Argh. http://t.co/1InnYPHU
And tonight, the set change only took 22 minutes. More progress.
Meeting with the pump folks again tomorrow. Want to learn about dual and square wave boluses. Want PIZZA!
New Blog Post: Remembering http://t.co/l5NKOSvv
Remind me to send a thank-you note to the weather gods for allowing me to sleep in on a Monday morning. Be safe, everyone!
New Blog Post: Birthday Boy! http://t.co/ca2gScZn
Woke up this morning to no water. Water main break on our street. #whyilovewinter
New Blog Post: My Buddy ‘n’ Me http://t.co/OxaIIJwQ
New Blog Post: Hey, Cat! http://t.co/ie5J3gm0
New Blog Post: Pretty in Purple http://t.co/NTZwBc8b
It still takes almost 30 minutes to do an infusion set change (ugh), but today I could do it without looking at the instructions. Progress.
New Blog Post: Really? http://t.co/lUBTTMWa
@dadbert97 U know that tape you put down so carefully, to keep the cats off the counter? Apparently it's delicious for licking.
Uncle. It's impossible to keep the cats off the table, especially now that Bonny's discovered she likes to lick the foil top on my yogurt.
Quick poll: Should I let my daughter miss school Friday (excused absence) to go run into the Chesapeake? In the freezing rain? For charity?
New Blog Post: Power Nap. http://t.co/vHGIGoIq
Today let them raise their glasses and offer words of support. Tomorrow it will be business as usual and they'll hate each other again.
Time to check my blood sugar--AGAIN. Dammit.
@ravelry I've got Color Affection Disease.
I know when it's only 7 a.m. and the cats' names are "Off!" and "Don't Eat That!" that it's going to be a long day.
@LeeAnnHealey LOVED that movie.
I love knit day! Looking forward to spending some quality time with my peeps.
You know, I can't stand Kathie Lee &amp; Hoda during the day, but somehow, at 2 in the morning? Doesn't seem so bad.
New Blog Post: Clyde is Down with His Nap http://t.co/1ud4pRHQ
New Blog Post: Yes, I’ve Been Knitting, Too. http://t.co/1EXfSZYd
Infusion set changes get easier, right? I did it, but it felt like an ordeal. I guess the first one is always a challenge. Le sigh.
New Blog Post: Ahem. http://t.co/8kEZUeA7
Now the struggle is to figure out why my blog is running so slow. But first, must sleep.
I've been struggling with the connector on my pump all day, and I just realized I've been trying to force it together upside-down. Ugh.
New Blog Post: So This is What I Did Today… http://t.co/Kb04tuNA
New Blog Post: Um, Well… http://t.co/3GaQ7EBe
Making major changes to the blog. The process is painful, but it will be worth it in the end. (I hope!)
Hungry... damnit.
Chicken and rice in a stew pot on the stove. Yum...
@daxshepard1 missed it in theaters but have wanted to see it! Thanks for letting us know.
http://t.co/WMTL8kH8 Library of Congress is collecting my tweets! So, here's another for the collection. Enjoy!
iPad Mini, I think I love you.
Had to call Apple to figure out the layout of iTunes 11, so I could copy stuff to my new iPad. Hate feeling stupid. All better now. :-)
@MarnieMacLean Ugh. Poor kitty.
RT @ebertchicago: At last! Hailed by the NYTimes! For my...tweets? http://t.co/7ma9ZrzQ
@bgardner Way to celebrate! Happy birthday!
@MissDiana143 ::pout::
@MissDiana143 I've been wanting to watch Love, Actually ... want to?
@MissDiana143 spesking of pics pls come take one tks.
Trying to decide where to mount my brand new purple robotic butterfly where I can watch it but the cats can't get it. Methinks impossible.
@mandi CONGRATS!!!!!!
A cold, windy day means there's chili planned as an antidote. It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
I love flute lessons... or listening to them, that is. Me likes pretty music.
Yes, but Who are YOU?
They said if I made a donation, I'd get to talk to a celebrity. I knew it was too good to be true.
All in all it's just another brick in the wall...
Watching the 121212 concert. Wonder why they're only showing it on the Spanish Language HBO channels here.
Oh, Facebook, where for art thou? And why, pray tell, do even miss thee?
I swear, if this day gets any drearier, I think I'm just going to melt under the oppressiveness of it all.
@JessicaCapshaw I love that Arizona was finally able to laugh in this week's episode. It's about time she got over herself. :-)
Just found out my A1C was 6.1l for those keeping track, that's 2/10 of a point lower than last time. Yay, me!
Having a moment of, er, privacy is impossible with kittens in the house. What's so fascinating about the toilet, anyway?
Weepy today. Guess it's my turn. Damnit.I don't think the tears are really going to help this time.
The thing I hate about Sundays is that they are a prelude to Mondays.
How do you boil down one amazing life to a few meager paragraphs? I hope I've done it justice.
So much to be thankful for... I'm going to try to stay smiling today, even when it's hard.
Waitin' for the iPad mini with cellular to be available at Best Buy. I haz gift cards! Come on, already!
@modeknit hope you told him to go f*** himself!
@LeeAnnHealey I am failing miserably,
What do you do when nothing helps?
Feeling kind of alone today. I know I'm not alone... but grief is evil that way.
The thing about feeling numb is that eventually, it wears off.
Amazing day! Yarn shopping with friends, knit group, then dinner at Chart House and Lincoln movie with DH.Now kitty cuddles. Lovin' life!
Scored front row seats to Taylor Swift in May! Sometimes being in a wheelchair has its advantages...
Some things should be sacred. Like family time on Thanksgiving. I'm eating, not shopping. How 'bout you?
Anniversary dinner this weekend. DH doesn't love seafood or steak. Want to eat in Annapolis area. Ideas?
@helloyarn I do mine with splenda, skim milk and a sprinkle of cinnamon. I'm *almost* convinced it's a high-calorie latte.
Rainy days and Tuesdays always get me down. (??)
@LeeAnnHealey You might want to check the ingredients of the vicodin and excedrin. If they both contain tylenol (acetominophen) then no.
Need to find a social media tool like the former Ping.fm. Free, simple, clean. Hate HootSuite and just dumped them. Any suggestions?
And Thank You, Maryland. It's about time. #marriageequality
Ok, I'm good now. I can go to sleep. #reelectObama
Voting took a little over an hour this morning, and the line was quite long. Election Day is  the one time when I love a long line. #vote
Hey, who turned off the sun? I HATE the friggin' dark! See you all next spring...
Just another lazy, Grey's-Anatomy-on-Netflix watching, kind of Sunday. Not exciting, but good, just the same.
Can't wait for this election season to be OVER so all the frickin' phone calls will STOP.
Feeling incredibly weepy. I'm grateful for all that did NOT happen to us this week.
Ahhh... the smell of pumpkin. That once-a-year aroma that says fall is here.
Can't believe the power was out for only 3 hours. I hope this is the worst of it! Though I just heard a friend had a tree take out his...
On generator now. Surprised our power lasted this long. Since no school tomorrow we're having a Harry Potter Movie-thon. And knitting!
Need a trashy romance audiobook to get me through the storm, but don't know what to pick...
My hatches are about as battened down as they're gonna get. Waiting...
Bleh.
It's Sunday... a.k.a. Homework Hell Day. Project is done and backpack is packed, and this mom's going back to her knitting. Phew.
Cherry-flavored Greek yogurt with walnuts. It's like eating cheesecake for breakfast.
Not watching the debate tonight. Already know who I'm voting for, and why. All the rest of the process kinda just pisses me off.
Started a Color Affection shawl with Dream in Color Starry. I've had the yarn for a couple months but could not wait anymore!
Damn! Ran over a knitting needle. Hate it when that happens!!
Thinking we need to take the oil paintings down in the living room for a while. Kitten claws can reach them. Yikes!
Ah, yes. Kittens and yarn. The stuff of Legends. But, how do they know which yarn is the good stuff, and only go for that?
Going to enjoy an afternoon of DVDs and knitting. Looking so forward to it!
Not happy with my current tube scarf project. Think I'm gonna frog and start over...
After a dose of antibiotics and eye ointment, Clyde was in no mood for deworming. DH is bleeding.
One at my feet; one on my desk. Sweet! This is just what I've been hoping for.
Clyde is a lot better tonight, I think. His eye is still swollen, but getting better, and he's perkier. I'll take it.
Quick update: Clyde seems much better. Eye is starting to look better and he's perkier, too. I'll take it.
Just testing my hootsuite account to be sure I can post from it. Not sure I like this...
Testing my hootsuite update poster thingy... so  far I'm finding it wonky.
Just got back from the vet with Clyde. He thinks it's viral. But the eye is still pretty bad. We go back on Friday.
Today I'm working from home and Bonny Kitten is 'splorin' under my desk.
Just survived first emergency trip to the vet. Clyde's eye is swollen. Antibiotics, and steroidal eye drops. FUN. Poor baby...
It's Kitten Day!!
Spent the evening kitten-proofing. I think we're ready for the little paws!
Met the kitties!! They had fun playing with the toys at our house, and they're coming to live with us on Saturday!
So, you know, at my house on Christmas Eve, it's not the kids who can't sleep. It's me. Always me. The waiting is KILLING me. Come on, 2:00!
Methinks we're ready... for KITTIES! Finally meet them tomorrow.
Last carpet going down, window treatments going up. Then we can finally get our house back in order and live in peace and order again. Yay!
Two more days and I finally will meet the prince and princess of cuteness.... the furballs known as Bonnie and Clyde. Can't wait!!
Stewed chicken in the crock pot with carrots and Basmati rice. It's what's for dinner, and it smells YUMMY.
It's looking like Sunday's the day that we get to "meet" our potential new kittens... can't wait, and fingers are crossed!
May have found new kittens to join our family. Will meet them next week, and adopt in about three weeks. Trying not to get too excited...
Sitting with an alpaca shawl over my shoulders. Don't know why I'm so cold in the mornings, even when it's hot outside.
Woo hoo! My A1C is WAY down... 6.3%!! That is no small victory. I'll take it!
Knit day is always a happy day. :-)
Had a great app't w/ the endocrinologist yesterday. He told me I know how to manage my diabetes and I'm doing a great job at it. Yay!
Blueberry Greek yogurt with chopped walnuts. It's what's for breakfast.
So I log into FB  and see 11 new notifications waiting... and they're ALL junk. Nothing personal for me. Starting to wonder why I bother.
Of course, the sad thing is realizing that it's been so long since you've had fun, that you're not sure what fun is anymore.
Looking for good Mexican food somewhere. Suggestions?
Dear chocolate cravings, I hate you, you bother me, go away and leave me the f**k alone. Please.
Want Chocolate. Damn you, diabetes.
Tried freezing key lime Greek yogurt for dessert. Needs to soften up a little, but a very yummy treat.
Watched "Back to the Future" @ the pool tonight. Still love the movie, &amp; embarrassed my kids by singing along to Huey Lewis. Still love him.
Kinda hate diabetes this week. Stress level bad, diet awful... blood sugar... Jesus do I have to think about it ALL the time? This sucks.
Ever done the exercises in "The Art of Styling Sentences?" They're hard! And I'm a writer!
Watched Julie &amp; Julia in honor of Julia Child's 100th birthday, which was yesterday. That movie always makes me hungry, but I love it.
Netflix is working again so I'm gonna sit down to a fluff movie and easy knitting. Nice...
Watching an amazing light show tonight high up in the clouds. Somebody, somewhere is getting  a storm. Lucky for us, it's just pretty.
Black cherry Greek yogurt. It's what's for breakfast.
Getting closer to being able to adopt some new, fur-friends. I'm looking forward to having some new purr-babies around here.
I may be quiet on FB for a while. My life is tense enough without having to put up with political extremism in the context down time.
Sprite Zero + Black Cherry MiO = diet old fashioned sour cherry crush soda, with a kick. YUM.
Have 2 new giant hanks of Baby Twist in complementary purple shades. I feel a snuggly striped scarf being cast on in 3, 2, 1...
There are some days when getting older just... sucks.
I love having Greek yogurt in the morning. Especially cherry flavor. Feels like eating cheesecake for breakfast.
@dadbert97 Ick. Somebody must have phished one of my accounts.
I have such wonderful friends... and I love spending the day with them!
If it's possible for a minivan to be pretty cool, my new minivan's well... pretty cool.
Very proud of my daughter. She made spaghetti sauce for dinner and the house smelled so good when we got home!
There's an owl hooting outside. I'm such a suburban girl... don't think I've ever heard an actual owl, that wasn't just a sound effect.
Geez, it's only Monday and everybody's already super-grouchy.      Looks like it's gonna be a long week en mi casa....
The little girl I wrote about yesterday is awake! Miracle of Miracles! Long term outcomes unknown, but she was able to speak and is awake.
So wonderful to watch my 10-year-old son work together with his dad to build our entertainment unit. They work well together!
Ikea delivery this morning.... let the construction commence!
Said my son, "Mommy,  would you happen to have a bit of string?" Hmmm. I don't know. Let me check. :-)
Love the opening ceremonies; HATE the freakin' commercials! Some things just shouldn't be interrupted.
It was a lovely evening for the pool. Good thing, too, as we're supposed to have the return of boiling heat tomorrow.
New Blog Post: The Scarlett Letter http://t.co/6s8SaGUv
I had a fabulous day at the pool with my extended family. I'll be sad when they leave...
Easiest way to manage portion control? Spill your Chinese leftovers while packing them away into the fridge. Yep, that'll work.
What do you call the chocolate cake that you didn't get for your birthday, that magically shows up two days later? Delicious.
Chickened out yet again on starting the sock so I have gotten underway with a log cabin blanket for my living room instead.
It's after 10 pm but I have a new ball of sock yarn and some new size 0 Addi Turbos in my bag. Hmmmm....
Taco night at our house. Tacos are one of the few things that all four in my family will eat. Yummy!
Had a great birthday filled with Family, Friends, Food, and YARN! Thanks to everyone for the wonderful wishes. It was a truly great day.
It's Monday, and I have a frickin' Monday headache.
Eating Ratatouille for dinner... so watching the movie, of course!
I've decided to go with a log cabin design for my living room throws...
Trying to decide on a throw pattern for my living room accent. I have three colors, and hate monotony. And seaming. Ideas?
Watching "A Capitol 4th." The current lead singer of Kool &amp; The Gang doesn't look old enough to have been born when those songs came out!
Power came on at 9:15 a.m. Too exhausted and angry to be elated yet but at least we'll sleep tonight
11pm and it's 90 frickin' degrees IN my house. Now, there's some good sleeping weather!  I am sure that tomorrow, the bitching will continue
I know I've done nothing but whine and complain. But believe me, I'm looking forward to the day when I can send happy updates again!
Adding injury to insult, I somehow sprained my ankle severely last night. So, it's hot, stinky, I'm cranky AND in pain. Yikes...
Getting a little tired of my hot and stinky house....
Good morning, world.. another day of pioneer living. One thing I've discovered is that I'm a thoroughly modern girl. Looking forward to a/c!
9:00 pm and it's 88 degrees INSIDE my house. And it smells bad. I was starting to get cranky before, but I think it's about to get worse.
It's 84 degrees... in the house. 100.9 outside. I'm too old for this kind of heat; my internal furnace is bad enough as it is.
Another day in the dark... and the heat. We're all getting more than a little cranky, but we're ok.
Still in the dark... but the generator's going so the fans are working. Not too bad. I think I'll live.
Lunch today: Veggie burger on wheat with two Kumato tomatoes (They're kind of purple-y, and delicious!)
Obsessed with food lately... latest discovery? Oikos Greek Yogurt. Yum.
Today was better. I went to the grocery store and now I am all stocked with yummy foods for my diet. No more, "What am I gonna eat now?"
Some days are better than others. Here's hoping that today's one of the better ones. I could use it.
Good day with old friends. Glad the weather stayed nice, and the food and friendship were both wonderful.
RT @hollye83: Interested in writing a letter to the USOC? United States Olympic Committee, 27 South Tejon, Colorado Springs, CO 80903 #R ...
Apple slices with a smidge of peanut butter on them make a good little snack!
Feeling somewhat better. Another insulin adjustment, and I'm getting closer to where  I need to be. Man, this is a process!
Damnit. I hate feeling weepy...
If you order an UN-sweet tea from McDonald's, they will make you one, but you'd better taste it to be sure they got it right.
Feeling whiney tonight. Lifestyle changes are so hard.
Believe it or not, it was almost too chilly to sit by the pool tonight.
2 weeks of healthy eating and I'm hitting a wall. What I'd love right now? My list of food sins would be too long to name. Onward I go.
Ok.headache. I've already hit you with two Aleve. Now, would you please, PLEASE just go away?
Not much going on..maybe a little knitting, but that's about it.
Today's breakfast? Vanilla carb control yogurt (by Dannon) with fresh blueberries and walnuts mixed in. Not bad!
I've said it before but it bears repeating. Power chairs are excellent arachnid annihilators.
Another coat of paint on the ceiling...
Bought the hubster a color laser printer for his birthday. Only 5 days late! Happy birthday, hon... hope the decals crank out soon!
Really enjoying the Adele special on NBC. Her voice brings me to tears.
New Blog Post: Hobby-Knitter: Visions of Knitters Past http://t.co/wobj87b1
Insulin for me. I hadn't been dreading it, really... just knowing I was going to need it someday. Guess that's now. Onward.
New Blog Post: The Fun Part http://t.co/KQzYKmDY
To those that recommended the Outlander book series to me, thank you! I'm loving them.
My favorite cold stone concoction? Chocolate ice cream, heath bars, bananas, and caramel in a waffle bowl. Summer is here!
Came back from the pool a little early, Too hot for this middle-aged, fat chick today!
My son's $10 word of the day? Bioluminescent.This word came out while he was pondering the properties of the firefly trapped in our van.
Totally annoyed. My Blu-ray player no longer speaks to Netflix. Can't get ahold of tech support, either. Frustrated!
Phillip! Phillip! Phillip! I can't wait to buy your record, dude!
Just copied 93 Beatles songs to my daughter's iPod. Mommy is SO proud!!
OMG Phillip's song was AMAZING. Can't wait for it to show up on iTunes.
Looking for a great new romantic novel. One with a compelling story, and lots of, well, romance. Any ideas?
Can't say as I remember how long it's been since I've eaten a fresh artichoke... can't wait! Yum...
Knit group met today... a spontaneous meeting in my den. It was relaxed, and fun, and I loved it. Good friends are a great thing.
New Blog Post: The Increases… http://t.co/69uwc0Uf
FINALLY I am done w/ the increase section on my Clapotis! I still have months (and thousands of stitches) worth of knitting ahead.
Imagine my surprise upon seeing a 6 foot long snake peering in the kitchen window at us... guess he wanted some chili for dinner!
Sorry Jessica, but Joshua blew me away and Phillip just made me cry. It's gonna be a battle of the boys for me! Will America agree?
American Idol is so nerve racking at this stage... love them all.
Multimedia speaker system dead. Our TV deserves surround sound anyway... it's on the way!!
Roast beef w/ carrots, potatoes roasted in butter &amp; onions, broccoli, bread, chocolate truffle mousse cake. Mother's Day dinner=YUM!
Tacos for dinner. A family fave.
Planning a nice Mother's Day dinner tomorrow... yum... and knitting today. A great weekend.
Just scored 2nd row seats to the American Idol concert this summer. Guess it pays to need "special" seating sometimes!
Thank you, Mr. President.
So wonderful that my Mom and Tony were able to come to dinner tonight. We've missed them lots, and the meatballs!
New Blog Post: If You’re Cold, Put On a Sweater; That’s What They’re For. http://t.co/xpRgEY0Y
Tonight's dinner: quesadillas with cheese, southwest chicken, bacon and tomato. YUM.
I haven't knit much in days; kinda miss it. Knit? Or blog? I want to do both... such a decision.
Love hearing the sound of music being played in my house...
How nerdy are we, that my kids were challenging each other to recite the value of pi this morning at the breakfast table? Nerdy, but proud.
Tonight I got to knit in the company of THE Brenda Dayne.  Wonderful to finally meet her. Thanks for the ramp, Fibre Space! Photos tomorrow!
So, my 10 year old comes to me and asks, "Hey mom, do you know where I can find a long piece of string?" Laughing, cuz of course, he knows.
Watching trashy TV, reading trashy novels, hoping to get some knitting in. Not a bad Sunday! If only my back didn't hurt...
Now that the den carpet's done, we've started clearing the living room, making ready for paint and carpet. Someday soon we'll be done...
got a new digital recorder to go with my Dragon software. Now, if I could just remember how to use it...
How many out there have had their husbands read along on 50 Shades? Wondering...
Sorry, Idols, only Queen can "do" Queen. And without Freddie? It just makes me sad.
Nasty freakin' headache ALL day. ENOUGH already.
Dinner tonight? Tried out the new quesadilla maker with chicken, cheese, mushrooms, garlic, scallions and green pepper. Delicious!
Finally got brave enough to start reading "Fifty Shades of Grey." I WANT to say I hate it. But so far, I can't. (blush)
RIP Dick Clark; you're always gonna be a 98 in my book. New Years will never be the same.
Tired tonight, but determined to get a little knitting in before sleep.
I'll take fries with that, thank you.
I wish my mom could catch a break... back in the hospital again. Damnit.
OMG that was the most intense Idol, EVER. How could America have gotten it so WRONG? That song was AMAZING.
Just found an early edition of Richard Scarry's Best Storybook Ever on eBay. Later editions are just... different. Happy to find it!
What kind of mother am I that I actually let my teenage daughter go to the White House to stalk her favorite teen heartthrob today? Ugh.
My contribution to Easter dinner: baked potatoes with fixin's. Other than that, a quiet day for introspective thought. And knitting.
Yay! Knit group is today! Love spending time with my peeps.
So glad it's the weekend; there'll be lots of knitting, getting nails done, spending time with family. Hope there's some sleep in there.
Does the fact that I actually like grapefruit now, after not liking it for nearly all of my life, mean that I'm  turning into an old lady?
Haven't posted a status update in a couple of days. Sometimes, when you've got nothing to say, it's best to say nothing at all.
Today we enjoyed a fabulous luncheon cruise aboard the Spirit of Washington to celebrate a milestone birthday of a dear friend. Fun!
Today... new glasses. Tomorrow... new hair. And yet, I still feel like the same old me. Sigh.
And, ok. LOVED Elise. Girl Rockers are COOL.
Phillip is the one for me this year. All the way.
Just confirmed that an LYS I  wanted to attend an event at isn't wheelchair accessible. I expected the answer. I'm used to it. But, I'm sad.
Just got the Harry Potter books for my Kindle! It's about time I could do that!
Making a list of guitar songs for my DD to learn: Closer to Fine, House of the Rising Sun, Fast Car, More Than Words. Other ideas??
New Blog Post: Homespun Yarn Party, 2012 http://t.co/xY5oypXT
Went to the Homespun Yarn Party, and wouldn't you know it? Some yarn followed me home! Stay tuned for photos!
Have enough yarn to do a couple more repeats on my clapotis. However, wondering whether I should... Decisions, decisions.
Adjusting to new computer-specific glasses. Methinks I am going to like them, but I must remember to take them off before stepping away.
Just got some new ribbon yarn. I understand the concept of those trendy ruffle scarves, but don't know what to do with the pesky tail.
Well, as of today, we're a 16-eyed family! Our youngest just got his first pair of glasses.
Another off-label use for motorized wheelchairs: Spider squishers.
New Blog Post: FO Report: Going in Circles Hat http://t.co/MG0t0gHe
It's a sleepy Sunday around here... but no time for napping. Lots to do!
Looking forward to a rousing St. Paddy's Day "Knitting o' the Green" with my Peeps!
Kindle has been found! I'm switching to a bright pink cover so it can't lurk in the shadows anymore. Sheesh!
My mom didn't get the remission she was hoping for. Sinus surgery next week to clear an infection, then chemo again. Hey Cancer! *F* You.
Speaking of Kindle Fire, which I was yesterday, apparently mine is missing. HOPING that it's playing hide-and-seek in my office.
Sad.
Got my cell phone back and all is right with the world.
It's after 7 pm and the UPS man hasn't been here today. Wonder what's keeping him? It's not even Christmas.
Moral of the story? Never nuke your leftover Olive Garden breadsticks. They're combustible.
@LeeAnnHealey you should get a worm binder for your knitting needles while you're there!
New phone won't be here til Tuesday, that is, if it's even new and not refurbished. I'm not holding my breath.
Damnit. Just crushed my new cell phone with my chair. Thank goodness for the protection plan.
Happiness is: When big sister and the gaggle of teenagers let little brother join in their board game.
Preparing for the onslaught of teenagers tonight. Help me...
Once again, I have found out some distressing news through Facebook. Since when did this become the only way that people talk to each other?
Found a spider family in my front hall. Unfortunately, they were there enjoying the water that was leaking through the wall from the bath.
It's so hard to believe that I became a mother 16 years ago today. In some ways, it seems like yesterday; in others, a whole lifetime ago.
Why can't tomorrow be Friday?
Sigh. Bought two new Boye row counters. One doesn't work, and the customer service on the store's website seems sucky.
You know it's past time to clean out the cabinets when you find cookies in the back with an expiration date from 2005. Ewww.
Having a yarn swap at knit group today. Let the chaos ensue! Yippee!
Long, tiring, day. Even knitting a simple project seems like more strength than I can muster. Maybe I should just go to bed...
RIP Davy Jones... I was always jealous that Marcia Brady got to take you to the school dance.
Phew. A couple of downloads and my password manager is working again.
Firefox updated again and my Norton Identity Safe isn't working again. Ugh. I hope Norton updates soon.
Trying to clean up my Ravelry library so that it matches what's actually still on my shelves. Not as easy as it sounds...
Who sang "What a Wonderful World" on the in memoriam segment?
Is Billy Crystal taking a dinner break or something? Come on, Billy! It's you I came to see!
Watching a Glee marathon before the Oscars. Way to dance, Harry Shrum!
Today I think I'll tackle the craft/old computer parts/ridiculous amount of junk closet. I'm getting closer to new carpets in here! Yay!
Maryland, my Maryland! Eighth is Great!!!
Oh how I hate that the Parenthood finale is next week! It's February, NBC! And you can bet I won't be watching reality TV in its place.
Like I said... Heavy.
Glee is heavy tonight.
Man, do I need that shot o' caffeine this morning! Why is it that the three-day weekends are always the worst to come down from?
