X_AEW_X
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1458511821/SP_A0016_400x400.jpg
I knew it would happen sooner or later LOL #bieber #gomez #sextape - http://t.co/uBSDYVeV
Damn Made $290 in 2 hrs. Got this yesterday http://t.co/zWO0Vfan and made 800 today Go here and spend a bit, worth it: http://t.co/TAKU2zyf
Damn Made $290 in 2 hrs. Got this yesterday http://t.co/zWO0Vfan and made 800 today Go here and spend a bit, worth it: http://t.co/TAKU2zyf
Damn Made $290 in 2 hrs. Got this yesterday http://t.co/zWO0Vfan and made 800 today Go here and spend a bit, worth it: http://t.co/TAKU2zyf
Follow my new twitter @Alice333_x I follow back!
Follow my new twitter @Alice333_x I follow back!
Follow my new twitter for a follow back! Its @Alice333_x
Follow my new twitter @Alice333_x for a follow back!! :D
Follow @Alice333_x #teamfollowback
Follow @Alice333_x for a follow back!
Follow new twitter @Alice333_x I'll follow back #teamfollowback
Won't be tweeting on this account except for asking you to follow my new one @Alice333_x I follow back:)
New twitter @Alice333_x I will follow back! :)
Follow Alice333_X new twitter and I'll follow back need my followers off this account on new one I WILL FOLLOW BACK!!! X
Follow new twitter @Alice333_x and I'll follow back!! Follloowww!
Follow: @Alice333_x my new twitter
Follow new twitter - Alice333_x I'm following everyone who follows!
Will be following everybody back on this new twitter follow me for a follow back: @Alice333_x
New twitter follow: Alice333_x
L U V madonna!!!
Can't wait for this new gym to open! Need it so bad!
Sunny again, but still a bit chilly, so cleaning again.. I like cleaning but gets boring when your cleaning, clean things. Bring on summer!
Knackered from cleaning all day! But have a spotless house..
Rain again, where's the sun gone :( looks like a cleaning housework day for me...
Days off, looking after my brother.. Hmm oh well driving lesson tonight!
Made in chelsea tonight... Yaaarr.
RT @TheDailyLove: "Live through LOVE and use your life to express that!" @Oprah #LifeclassNYC
Needs a change so the change shall be.... Hair colour.. Anndd maybe my foundation haha! Sorted. Oh and decorate the bedroom maybs.
2 week off and the first day it's a cleaning day hmm, sun please come back out!
Sunny again!! Could get used to this :)
Aww poorly so my mans looking after me :)
Loving the sun, but feel shatterd and have a banging headache, thankgod I've already tidied up. Laze time :)
Passed all my cuts today:D yay! I will soon be a qualified hairdresser :)
Bit of wife swap, jerseylicious then tidy and clean until I have to go out again :)
Taking the little brother to school, then can have a laze at home :)
Gonna see how I can make my hair look different soon, thank god for my hairdressing kit! :D &lt;3 iit!
Feeling better now, just cleaned. (Think I have a cleaning addiction)
Feeling ill today, so back to sleep for me :( hate having a day off! Goodnight!
Gonna have a shower, get in pjs, tidy up then snuggle :)
Been in shower, done my nails, cleaned and tidied up, time to chill with a glass of taboo and lemonade for me now :) lazee:D
You are the only exception... &lt;3
Been shopping, came back tidied up, now every thing looks good its bath time then booze time :D
Shop, shop shoppiinngg!
Bath, then booze for me :D
Woo! Its also nearly the weekend, happy days... Until it gets to monday...
Off to the salon... :D anyone in doncaster need their hair doing message me! :)
Nathans came home with energry drinks, pot noodles and munch, snuggley night for us & the only way is essex!! Yeaah :)
Pancake daaaay :) tossers
RT @BrittGastineau: Whenever anything negative happens to u, there is a deep lesson concealed within it,although u may not see it at the ...
Bangers n mash!!! Mmmmmm!! Bloody amazing..
Need my birthday to hurry up! Too excited for a night of boozing, with everyone else buying haha.. Ohh yeah. :D
Aww the misters come home poorly, Looks lime I'm slaving away tonight haha
Done all the tidying so gonna have a blast on the old crash bandicoot on ps2 with the little brother :)
Bath time, then get ready for the mister to come home so we can drink :D
This week off I've felt more like a housewife than ever! Cleaning everyday, now shopping for this weekend:D but boozing tonight.. Yeaaah!
Need to have a lay in while I'm off.. Hasn't happened yet :(
I think I have the most hilarious mate ever that tells my bf he's moving out for her to move in & that he better be gone when she gets here
Is making a hard decision whether to have pink on my nails as per usual or go for something diff like dark blueee... Hmmm what shall it be!
Bedrooms spotless, been in bath, now for a bit of hollyoaks then Towwiiieee!! #reem
Really would like to go see the muppets, just need to persuade my brother he wants to see it so I don't look too strange going to watch it..
@lucy_meck ME ME ME ME MEEEEE!! Excited a bit... &lt;3
☀ Can't wait for summer!!! Already got my summer wardrobe so it needs to come quick before my wardrove over flows!! :D so excited! ♥
Well.. Couldn't find anymore cleaning to do... So its bath time for me :) then laze :D
Well that's all the cleaning and tidying done, just waiting for the mister to come home from work now to mess it all up haha!
Happy valentines day! :) &lt;3
Started tidying up cba with the rest just wanna go out and eat already haha! Greeedy!
Got rollers in mi hair, done my nails now just gotta tidy up a bit then get dresses and do my makeup :)
And got all day with my mister tomorrow, a day off for valentines day :D so happy:) :) :) &lt;3
Bath, get ready & pampered :L then its a meal with the boyfriend and his family :) &lt;3
Bit of @jasonderulo music & cleaning & tidying for me.. :)
Wishes the shop Hollister in medowhall would be a bit more lighter.. I would like to see what I am buying please??
Bath time.. Fake tan.. Online window shopping.. Get drunk.. Snuggles with the mister then shoppaang tomorrow :) soorrrrted.
Well, been shopping all day at meadowhall.. Tomorrow its shopping all day in town centre... Hmm shopping all weekend is fine with me :D
Well in the bath, not partying tonight :( so what to do? Any suggestions? &lt;3
Well that's the tidying up stairs done, now for downstairs... Then bath and laze :D
Snuggles because its freezing & hollyoaks :)
In a bored and depressed mood, waiting for the fella to get home... Tidied everything up, had a nice bath, and done my nails.... BORED!
Home after a hard week, did a lovely full head colour today though :) now its time for the weekend :D wooo!
Gotta go do some hair, as usualll! And get another hairdresser to do me a beautiful fringe!
RT @TheDailyLove: Love, passion & joy are the best kinds of patterns to live. #TDL
Oh and maybe bit of online shopping, more clothing stores need apps on the ipad I only have asos, debenhams and river island... Sort it ;)
Well after a hard, cold day of cleaning & tidying, its a nice hot bath & snuggles all night! :)
Cleaned & tidied house top to bottom.. Absoloutley knackered, but gotta go pick the little brother up soon, so no nap for me!
Fake tan done, just so I don't look pale watching essex! Haha
Hmm brown or pink slices in my hair.. Colour ideas and style ideas please!! Doing peoples hair makes mine look boring!
Omg, another epidsode of essex tonight, nice cosey night ahead!! :D
Just running a nice hot bath can't wait to get in it am freezing!!! Hurry up summer 2012!! :)
Home finally!! Tired and cold, so snuggles with the mister tonight & only way is essex!! :D &lt;3
Just taking the mess seeing the boyfriend in bed seeing as its his day off! :( Love you bed!!
Cannot explain how much I want to crawl back into bed this morning!! But hairdressing is calling! Boohoo
So tired.. But not missing Geordie shore for sleep!! Nooo way.
Great day, good day at college, then came home to see my mates baby :) now gonna have some food, tidy up, get a bath then Geordie shore! :D
Bath and bed for me & snuggles of corse :) &lt;3
Oh and new fave song... #twilight.. When you say my name I can feel this flame getting strongerr am loving this twiilight :D &lt;3 love it!
Got a new phone seeing as a theiving little scrubber nicked my old one.. Girly day with charl now its time to pick the brother up.. Cold:(
Freeezing!
Had f**kin phone nicked! So angry!
Hmm go out this weekend again? Yes.
Ended up going out last night, great night out!!
Can't wait for next saturday, the drinking & dancing shoes are going on!! :D
Arrrgh gotta wait till next saturday for a night out.... Come onn saturdayy!
In need of a night out have 3 dresses in my wardrobe that have not been worn! And a new hair do...
Great shopping spree today with my friend Kat got some great bargains :) &lt;3
Hair cut short yesterday, a lot off but I like it :) nice walk today with mister &the dog then town tomorrow (girl time!)
Day off today :) what to doo....
Ok, nap time can't keep my eyes open much longer:/
In the best mood love all my friends, my family and especially my nathan happy happy haaappppyy
So tired can't wait to go to sleep tonight.. Yawn
RT @TheDailyLove: Never make yourself small to satisfy other ppl. #TDL
Well cut & layered the mothers hair looks beautiful.. Yey me! Not lazing in bed after day at collegebwaiting for the mister to get home :)
Catching up on desperate scousewives, love @jaidenofficial! Love to have a bitching sesh with him!!
Enjoy the journey of your life.  There are no endpoints, just turning points.
Mmm Lloyd in dedication to my ex video GIMME!
James corden in rizzle kicks video = hilarious!
Also weekend planned, nice exercise walk with Nathan and the dog on saturday, then shopping and catch up with one of my gurlies Sunday :D
All tidied up :) now just wait for the mister to come home, have a nice bath, watch bb, desperate scousewives then sleep, college tomorrow..
Desperate housewives so funny (pool part) but sad too :(
Well my misters back at work today so think I should get some tidying up done then pamper :D
Just finished pizza with the fella now u wanna get drunk!
Got home, had a bath & coffee, now it's time to watch hollyoaks then big brother with alcohol and my mister :D &lt; 3
Tidy bedroom, magazine,and a coffee...superrr!
Well feeling very ill today :( must be all drinking I've done everyday haha :S tidy up then snuggles with my mister :)
Oh and happy new year everybody! Make every new year better than the one before :) even though the last one has been great :)
What a great night out that was :D plus I don't have a hangover! #win! Now it's a lazy day with my mister except for some tidying up!
After a day off shopping it's time to go charls for a early new years drink!! :D
Can't wait to get glammed up tomorrow night then look a state after a couple of drinks! Yay me.. :)
Can't wait for tomorrow:D partaay time, but first off in to town now to shop and shop.... :)
Sleeps with the mister....
Well can now say zumba must be the best exercise ever! WOW!
Time to play a little zumba with the mother :D then tea and hollyoaks with the mister :) sorted!
Bottle of lucozade on the go, need to do more than lay in bed today!!
Have no energy today... Must be all the fatty food I've put away last few days! #worst
Well the fellas home, finished our kfc :p now it's time to get a bath, snuggle up then watch some hollyoaks :D &lt;3
Hmm can't wait for new years, prepared to get quite drunk...
That's the bedroom tidied and new clothes hung up, picture of me and Nathan in new frame now it's time to laze until he gets home from work!
Switched my stuff from old handbag to new one, I love my new bag thank you nathan best boyfriend! I have a bag fetish. I love em!!
Best get tidying all mine and the misters prezzies up so i can have a nice tidy bedroom again!! And try on All my nee clothes from topshop:D
Gonna have another booze night with food and snuggle with my mister while watching gentleman prefer blondes my fave marilyn monroe film:D
Shopped till I nearly dropped today with the mister, could have spent thousands in Topshop!!! Good job I had a gift card:D
Cars monopoly FTW! Bit tipsyyy!
Full up!!!! Now it's time to get on the alcohol
:D #best
Relaxing while my boyfriend, my brother and my mum play cars 2 on PS3... Need to be drunk soon happy days :) &lt;3
http://t.co/Y5zMOG2k.  - I think I look so great with my warped face on the new iPad :D
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
~ Herman Cain
Boxing day loadsa junk food, booze and later a Marilyn Monroe film with my mister......perrfect!! :D &lt;3
Gonna have ALOT to drink***
Had a nice hot bath with new bath stuff now in nice new warm pjs, gonna have slot to drink with my mister and laze until tomorrow :D
Now have tomorrow to look forward to, along with new years eve, determined to get very drunk!! Oh and MERRY XMAS!!!!!
Great Xmas with my lovely boyfriend, I got an iPad and he bought me a new handbag and straighteners! Now a much needed lazy night &lt;3
New IPad for Xmas. Woo love it!!!!!
Xmas nails :D http://t.co/lqU6aGDO
3days to go! Then santas here:)
Off to get the nails done soon, xmassy nails :)
Too excited for xmas!! After christmas I'm going through my followers and following them all back!! So #follow for follow back!! :D
Put my tree up on weekend and more xmas shopping... But time for salon now! Good mood just need snow! :D
Not long till christmas now.. AM SO EXCITED :-) Decorations will have to be going up this weekend!:) &lt;3
Bath and bed for meee! I love my bed! &lt;3
Eurgh feel so ill!! Need the bf to finish work and nurse me! &lt;3 :(
Sleeps with my man and a bad cold:( college tomorrow :-/xo
Salon tiiimee! Make some peoples hair look pwetty! Then weekenddd :D :D xo
Need acrylic nails done again, just don't know where to go, feel like going lash and nails hmmm...
Salon time.. Hair, hair...haiirrr. Then the weekend wooo! &lt;3
Good mood :)
Already excited for #christmas, things already on the xmas list are zebra print #hairdressing scissors and a new pink laptop..yeyazz &lt;3
Oh and off to get my boyfriend the reem top he wants because he is #reem &lt;3
Another sunday, not a lazy day though, shopping time :D my favourite time:)
Need to buy mums birthday presant, but you don't know how tempted I am to get my nails done!! But ohh well Mum comes first!
Poorly:-( good job I got my man to look after me, buying me fruit and making cuppas :) x
Got swollen glands and a cold, but still wanna have a good weekend:-) shower,dressed, makeup then out! (:
Hmm what to do todayy..
Feel ill so got the boyfriend waiting on me, in hair salon tomorrow so need to feel better!! :-(
Watching real housewives reunion and I love @ramonasinger haha says it how it is!
Another hairdressing day done... So tired now, wait for the boyfriend to get home then tea and snuggles :-)
RT @KillerAllen: I've suddenly decided it's against my culture to pay income tax and council tax #dispatches
@TomCridlington exactly what I thought!! Makes me so angry!!
Deciding whether or not to wake the boyfriend up, there's a human sized moth in my bedroom :S
#bigbrother tonight woo!!! :D can't wait!
Beaut lay in :) time to make me and my man a coffee, tidy up then off out :D xo
Urrgh! The guys on the new true beauty episodes are never gonna love anyone else as much as themselves vain, pretty boy fools
RT @BryyyBryyyy: UK riots are so fucking stupid, little scum bags who dont even have a reason to riot, just want to ... http://tmi.me/ehxTm
If I had it my way we would do what american police would do.. Carry guns and tazers and hurt the youth bastards.. I'm done.. :) #riots
Continued #riots that part of london have shown why they are not respected. And obviously are SCUM!! I bet the majority are dossers! Nobs.
#riots in london are crazy! Just a load of chavvy youths, that don't really know why they are rioting anymore and just theiving!
Riots in london are crazy! Just a load of chavvy youths, that don't really know why they are rioting anymore and just theiving!
On a good note my hairdressing uniform came today, excited for this college course now, holidays are already getting boring! :S
On a good note my hairdressing uniform came today, excited for this college course now, holidays are already getting boring! :S xo
Its freezing today, hope its nice for friday though for me, my man and the lil bro's bike ride :) these summer holidays I'll get fit :D xo
Bath time, tidy up then my man comes home :D xo
almost ready for the ann summers party tonight janets us up at half 6 its gonna be great :) xo
Well already starting to get ready for tonight, piss up and ann summers partaaaay woo :) dinner and a pint of water time :D lots of water :)
P.s #follow me and I'll follow back :) xo
Yey, nath finished his overtime for tonight, time to snuggle!! Goodnight! Xoxo
Follow and I'll follow back :) for everyone else, What's the best cocktail? Need a new one to try :) xo
Already wanting the weekend!! Bring on the booze (: yupyup! Xo
Right ordered my hair dressing kit, only bloody 150 quid! Bloody hell! Best be combs and scissors to turn your hair into gold! Robbing *****
Tidied up, now watching come dine with me and waiting for my man nath to get home :D xoxo
My bbyboo naths sock on  and I'm watching women behind bars haha! Goodnight! Xoxo
#follow for follow back. Tweetalot.. Blonde.. Done. :)
Waiting for my man to get outa bath then off to blockbuster for a film to fall asleep to agaainn haha. We'll try to be awake though it :S xo
Watched #come dine with me and realised I actually really like Jodie Marsh! Haha she's great! xo
Why aren't I sleepy!!!!! Damn it!
#follow me and I'll follow back in the morniing :) promise :D xoxo sweetdreams
Wooo! Its the weekend :D gonna be great tomorrow :) goodnight!! Xo
Had a dream where I met colin farrell last night.. Phwoaar! If I could meet any actor it'd have to be him!! &lt;3
Great sleep, and a lay in till 11 beautiful! :D and yey its almost the weekeeennnddd :) xo
Sleep time, abso shattered!! Goodnight all xoxo
Looking forward to a pamper day tomorrow seeing as today was hangover day, then weekend with my man! No work for him :) xoxo
A night without my man wasn't too good though, but really enjoyed the girls night! :D
Had a great night last night, felt it this morning though but a fatty breakfast and coca cola sorted that out haha :) xo
RT @XSTROLOGY: #Pisces are difficult to break.
Gonna go out get a good #marieclaire magazine! And chill :D xo
#follow please? I will follow back :D xo
@milky_barr follow back please? :) xo
Been shopping with the boyf, had mcdonalds mmm! Now am gonna tidy the bedroom while my mans in bath :D xo
#follow me and I'll follow back :) I tweet quite a lot!! Xoxo
Been to college, now its time to have a day out with my man :) xo
P.s any followers I get through the night I will #follow back when I wake up :D xo
My mans making me a cuppa then sleeps for us :) after a loonngg day, then am up early for college :) shattered! Goodnight all! xoxo
@MissAmyChilds please follow me I think your so funny and my fave essex girl!! Much love xo
Follow @Gooe xo
Pleeaase #follow for a follow back xo
Hopefully get quite an early night tonight! Could do with one! #yawn xo
#reem !! Trying to persuade my boyfriend to let me get him a team reem sticker for his car! Xo
Waiting for my man to get back then gonna see what he's bought me for 1 year anniversary then snuggle to watch a film :) xo &lt;3
#follow for follow back? Xo
Tell your followers to #follow me and I'll tell mine to follow you :) xo
#follow for follow back? Promise :D
Wondering whether to get the #leapordprint wallpaper I've seen, tacky or just plain boootilicious?! Hhmmm xo
Bedrooms spotless, manicure and pedicure done, bag ready with everything I need for college, hmm what to now? Xo
@xxBoogerLipsXX hiya! Thanks I have done :)
Off to college tomorrow to enroll on my #hairdressing course woo! :) xo
Need more followers! Come on #follow me I'll follow back! Promise!! Xo
Bring on wednesdayy! A girls night in with charl which means more #alcohol, gossip and chain smoking haha!
Been with my gorgeous boyfriend for 1 year today! And its been the best year ever!! :D
Woah didn't even wake up with a hangover this morning and managed to get up early to see the day:) great night and was great today :D
Welcome to the house of fun now I've come of age! - madness!
#vodka vodka vodka mmmmmm
@JoeyEssex_ I wanna look #reem I wanna smell reem I wanna be reem... REEM!! xo
@JoeyEssex_ I wanna look #reem I wanna smell #reem I wanna be reem... REEM!! xo
Wooo @jedwardofficial are following me!! Yeyey! loveyou!! :D xo
Hates that I haven't passed my driving lessons yet and all I see around it #pink or #hellokitty things for you car. I want them!!! :( Xo
Have you seen her have you heard, the way she plays there are no words, to describe the way I feeeeel! - stone roses &lt;3
I like my beats fast and my bass down low!! 123 fuck it, am bout to take this drink and just stuff it!!
F**k harry potter, me and my man and little bro are off to see cars 2 tomorrow and I'm very excited!
Wish my nathy would hurry up and get home so we can get slizzzaaarrd! Need a good drink to end this sunny day :D xo
@DitaVonTeese you are soo pretty and a unique individual your great!! Ily! Xo
I love you @jedwardofficial pleeaasee follow? :) xo&lt;3xo
@jimmycarr your amazing! Pleeaase follow! :) x&lt;3
Come dine with meeee! I so wanna go on here, can't cook like a chef, but free food!! Yum!!
Oooh just found david villa @FCBarcelona fan sit!! Oh yeah you sexy beast :D
Well was about to have a nap until my mum wacks stone roses on full blast... I AM THE RESSURECTION!! :D LOVE IT!!!
Now time for a nap then time to get absoloutley mortal on vodka & red bull Woo! Know I'll regret it tomorrow so I shall look back at this :L
Been out all day came back with a leapord print light shade I lavv it!! Also came home to such a yummy sunday dinner! :-P
Good night last night.. Hungover a bit today. So staying in bed until my sexy boo comes back from looking at a new car :D excited :)
Done my workout, made the room spotless, now going in bath and then make up and hair time because... ITS FRIDAAYY! :D woo!
Baked 3 days in a row.. Hmm what to bake today....
Not been on here for a while... And I'm in such a good mood :D my boyfriend has moved in and we're so happy :-) for now.. Haha. That's all.
Ok watched the made in chelsea from last night... Its shite. Bring back only way is essex!
All day in the garden, game of footy with lil bro, and been on trampoline, and I'm tanned tanned tanned! Woo :D
Out with the girrllss!! Woo!
Pmsl @KimKardashian@KourtneyKardash take new york, @scottdisick cain haha! Lol.
Hairdressing at college it will be next year. Sick of beauty soo CYA.
Birthday soon :D driving lessons here I come :)
Friday finally!! Woo! The day better go quick :D
RT @TheDailyLove: A breakup is a great time to makeup for lost time. Its time for a shake up to wake up and let your light shine. #TDL
Off to beauty I go got sum waxin to do mwahaha! So tired tho cnt wait to get back home :D
Waiting for kourtney and kim take ny is like waiting for xmas!!! :D cnt wait!
Its 8 in the morning and I'm off to the gym.. Work that butt off even tho its freeezzziinngg!!
My dinners of salmon salad are goin well :D today its a ham salad day I think :) haha yumm
Make u put ur hands up.. Poppin bottles in the ice like a blizzard, when we drink we do it ryt gettin slizzzaaarrrdd :D like a G6!!
Listenin to some music to get sum tidyin up done to, the killers, alexis jordan, stone roses, cobra starship, and inna, mixin it up haha.
Day off and the boyfriend decides to wake me up when he got up for work! Not happy! May aswell take the brother to skool to be helpful! :)
Tidy up, bath, get ready.. Then out wi boyfriend.
Interview this morning went great, got home wi kat we had cheese pasta, tidied up nw watchin crime channel with crisps... Perfect.
@Klarkee84 me too wooo!
Shoppiiinng
New blackberry bold white I love it!! Off to beauty training but at least its friday.. Which means great mood!!!
New blackberry bold 9780 in white tomorra yeyy! :D waitin for nathy....
Told him I will be makin him buy the guns n roses album aswell as makin him listen to oasis in the car :D get him into good old music :)r
Goin to get flo rida and tinie tempas albums tonyt with the boyf :D then we gettin erli nyt we soo tierd!! :( snnoorrreee
Yep looonnggg walks, my new years resoloution was to keep fit walking up hills helps :D
Gettin new @MissKatiePrice bubblegum pink jacket this weekend needed a cute coat to go with my pink wellies to go on long walks with my boo
Want a new jacket, just gotta wait for the monneeeyy, for now I'll just carry on dietin so I can get a smaller size haha :) its a plan!!
Another day of beauty... hoping its not a lot of theory work today.
POT NOODLE!!! And diet coke mmmmm then off out to boyfriends brothers...
Sleepy time...zzzz snore. Gdnyt!
Glad to have a weekend off of my fruit, water and soup diet.. N the gym so I can av a gd drink n eat normal (4 me) until monday nom nom nom.
Everybody gettin slizzard this weekend. I AM.. I AM :)
Been a busy week, at least not boring.. And its the weekend wooooo!!!
No way I'm catchin two busses to hatfield tomorra! Day off for me :D
Happy early new yearr!!! Hope its a good one! &lt;3
Wooo! Goodbye 2010!! Hello drunk beginning to 2011 hehe!
Just got back from shoppiiinnngg!
2010 has been quite a good year for me, hope 2011 has even more good things in store.. Woo :D
Can't sleep, in such a goodmood and its new years tomorra so off to get outfit for tht then drunk with the boyf and the parents :D
Bath time..
Keeping up with kardashians then sleep :D
Urgh guess I should tidy up xmas prezzies. There everywhere!
This xmas gonna be the best!! Yey!
Been a long day but nerli xmas day woo! Gdnyt
Sleeep
Just to celebrate the end of xmas shopping I've done so well haha
Last night of xmas shopping finish the boyf and my mum off..and maybe a lil sumthin for me :D hehe
A day of rain and whole of L.A get wellies out.. Try being in england with all the snow they'd think it was ice age.. Tits. :D
He also bought me the @katyperry perfume, as I always refer to her as my bitch.. I lav her! It smells sexy!
I think he's bought me a lot of pink things, because before he went I told him to THINK PINK!! Oh yeah!
Waitin for my boo to come home from finishin off buying my prezzies hehe! Yeyeyey excited!!
Sleep time after a great nyt with the boo ;) xmas drink tmorra with my fave girl my twinnie @KathWhit. I lav her.. Then boyf time :) perfect
RT @TheDailyLove: Sometimes its not about moving on, but letting it be. #TDL
Kendra then bathtime, then boyf time...
Shit fked up mood!
Woo nerli xmas so excited!!! More xmas shopping on tuesday to finish off then chilll!
Ok I recommend ted baker nail varnish and dior forever foundation for any xmas prezzies for girly friends. #loveit
Full weekend with my boo no work wooo! A lot of xmas shopping tho :S
Me n the boyfriend very excited for xmas, xmas dinner, prezzies, drunk with the family and xmas loving ;) haha ooohh yeah xmas rules!!
Really should get back to the gym and stop with the cigarettes just feel tired and unfit :/ booo, any good workouts for belly n bum?
Hmm kfc, mcdonalds, burger king or bella pizza? Decisions decisions..
Hm think I got addicted to solpodol tablets when I don't take them I get the worst headache :/ whoops. Can't wait to c my boo :)
Looking after poorly mum, then goin to watch kendra and keeping up with kardashians :D seeing as I'm feelin betterrr yey!
Been watching tele all day really should make something to eat, tidy up and go in the bath... in a minute.....
I can see them laugh at me and I hear them sayy, HEY you've got to hide your love awayy - beatles #nowplaying
In the worst mood with someone and in the best mood with someone else..  Hmm half good? Yeah
If my hair doesn't go perfect soon its gettin chopped!!
Just got outa bath so gess I should get ready for the boyf :D
Good day with friends = early xmas prezzies I love em!! :D
Sleep. Finallyyy! Mmmm bed. Short sentences. Because I'm knackerd. Goodnight. Zzzz
Great day except for watching the boyfriend asleep in bed while I get ready for college :( my bewtiful bed
Oh yeah tht tweet was referring to #xfactor
Hmm am thinkin I want one direction to win :D not just cos they great singers but also one of them from donny :D yessss
So never mind the darkness We still can find a way 'Cause nothin' lasts forever Even cold November rain #nowplaying guns n roses.
#nowplaying now don't it always seem to go that you don't no what you got till its gone.. @countingcrows
Backbeat the word is on the street that the fire in your heart is out.. #oasis #nowplaying
Hmmm, can't stop eating, potato scones and cheese for dinner then for tea sushi and salad mmm makin me hungry again haha!! Nom nommm
The boyfriend off again tomorra which means stoppin up with him all nyt then a lift to college n back yeyy! I'm lazyy :/
Bitches...
Urrgh stupid boy mates making boyfriends mad.. Grr. Don't blame me!
or should i say pizza for early morning supper haha. Cant wait for my boo to finish work n get my hands on him. Hehe ;)
Had a pamper day, now doing my hair and makeup ready for a mega piss up with my man :D = Sunday morning hangover snuggle.. and pizza for tea
Booze tonyt booze tonytttt wooo!
Finished college now, bath time then boyfriend time = my life...
Did full set of acrylics today woo, harder than it looks but so proud when I finished :D yey fridaayy!
Worked hard today, just done my own nails, now xmas shopppiiiinnng. Oh joy. :S
On a roll today, fruit for breakfast probably made it a good day. Just want the ice to piss off before I fall on my arse :(
Good day at beauty except for tests.. Hope I passed, just need to get assessed on manicure/ pedi and facial... Woo!
Goodnyt twittwats.. I shall be tweeting on my way to college while i break a leg on the ice rink which is doncaster.. :(
Pleeaasee no more snow was great at first until I had to walk in it to get to my course, well ice skate to my course.. Screw you.
@Klarkee84 haha thanks. I thort yeah I'll go for it even thoo its a bit riskaay hmmm =)
Sleep time- back to routine tomorra = beauty corse 9-3 then bath then boyfriend.. Great haha.
Your cheeks are red your panties are blue i cnt wait to cum n foooook you haha.. Thanks Babe
Your cheeks are red your panties are blue i cnt wait to cum n foooook you haha
Aw my boyfriend is so sweet he just txt me this poem he made me... Hehe
Had a meal with my man last nyt. Yummyyy :D bella pizza for us tonyt tho :P mmm
@Klarkee84 she was crap at her job tho haha u talkin about the puppet soccerette?
Can't take winter no more :( tooooo collldddd in bfs house..
Xmas tree goin up :D just need to do my xmas shopping... :S
Mmm proper fancies cake.. Any cake at all. Mmmmmm! Oh and syrup sponge & custard. #random
Fave kardashian has gotta be @KhloeKardashian so funny! :D x
Russia holding the world cup pfft, england invented football! They won't even have the stadium ready!  Dammit!
Omg I love @KendraWilkinson !! She's the best! Seriously.
Xmas songs..
Nathan &lt;3
'Some people come into our lives, Leave footprints in our hearts, And we are never ever the same.'
Yey. School closed due to heavu snow. Happy girl now!
Snowwy snow snow yayyy:) it looks so pretty!
Really fancies some monster munch mmm
Thick snow.. Means draggin boyfriend out of work to give me a lift to pick up the lil bro :)
Bathtimeee :)
P.s sue your plastic surgeon hahaha!!!
I think joan rivers is one silly woman !! Get off tv u ruin the channel E! Go away your old and annoying!! Grr :@
Feel great now. Dreading goin out in snow incase I fall flat on my ass! A lift would be nice!!
Loved the snow until my boyfriend took me to a car park to slide the car EVERYWHERE! Scary shizz!
Snowin yayayayyaayayay!!!
@lilyroseallen go lilly!! Xx
So glad I'm feeling better!! Woo! Touch wood.. :/
SNOWWW! Wooo! :D
Ill. As. Fuck
Watchin damilola: death of a 10 year old.. so sad :(
So ill!! How do I get rid of a very very very sore throat!! :@ cuppas and tablets are not working!! :(
Watchin crime channel. Snapped women who kill... Crazy mofo's!! Haha!
@Pink mmm makin me hungryy.. Nom. Midnight snack cumin on..
Just for the americans... I'm thankful for my life. I feel so lucky!!
"When you are in Love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams“. I love you nathan!! &lt;3
Just found out I have glandular fever, no wonder it feels like I can't swallow!! :(
You drive me crazy you crazy boy, I wanna live with you a deja vu!!
Hmm really should start christmas shopping soon else my boyfriend will be gettin his xmas wish of 'all he want for xmas is me' :/
Congrats on getting engaged & about to get married prince william.. NAATT I cudnt give a poop and get off of my news and newpapers!
@Klarkee84 haha not surprised except is it only me that's noticed the wack off mole near her mouth :`)
Really need to get back to beauty corse. Since I've been ill I've used 90% of my time tweeting. 2% sleeping and 8% not appropriate haha!
#nowplaying inna - amazing. Does she have to show 2/3rds of her body in her videos though...
Not to happy to hear that man u have begun to get shit... Glad I'm not that bothered anymore.  #movedon to barcelona fitties!! David villa!!
Monday barcelona v real madrid haha ronaldo prepare to get yo ass wooped by messi and xavi bitch!!
@Klarkee84 haha! That made me laugh..
@sam_pepper_bb11 you sure its not you?
@chelseahandler ha! I love your thanksgiving message! x
@FCBarcelona when are they playing madrid?
Still feelin iiiillllllll!! :@
Think its bath time! Ahh relax time
I'm the dandy highwayman who you're too scared to mention I spend my cash on looking flash and grabbing your attention! - adam and the ants
My uncle nipped round the corner to the shop, im getting a bit worried because that was abwt half hour a go :/ #missing
WONGAAA!
Just done the tidying and hooverine downstairs, now about to do upstairs then bath time hopefully feel better nw am up and about :/
Its startin to snow yey!!
Can feel the craving for morrisons chicken bites coming on!! I need some.
Ill again :( Actually feels like death, if it snowed it would really cheer me up tho... Hint hint mother nature!!
Sleeeeeeepppp. Zzz
Fffffreezing!
Another kfc krushem tonyt. Think I'm going to turn into one :S
@gaynorll haha no hun, just students at don valley unfortunately  :/ x
K bath time after a long boring day!
I just got an amazing twitter background from http://SNAZZYSPACE.com thanks @myspacelyts
Need somethin to do, tidy up then bath time ...
Ah! Even tho I feel so ill I defo need to get bak to beauty tomorra cos sittin at home with nothin to do, is doin my head in!!
Cooplands is calling me!! Mmm wanna nice sandwhich :P
Ill, ill, ill, ill :( sick of winter makin me feel sh*t!
Now that is doneI hope you don't mindThat I put down in wordsHow wonderful life isNow you are in the world. - Ellie goulding-your song&lt;3
Ok now its sleep time.. Finish with my song of the week.. Shall we!!
@planetjedward its a wrap!! (Squeaky voice) Haha. Love it!!
Guess I should be goin to sleep now :/ in a cba to sleep mood. Wow what's up with me :S
@planetjedward just like family guy! :D and your music videos haha! Amazing! X
@planetjedward just like family guy! :D
Just had a random wiff of pizza. mmm. WANT IT!!
Watching crime channel, 'snapped: women who kill' is quite interesting. Nutters! Haha
Lookin forward to gettin up early and doing something with my day tomorra :D am on a roll this week!
Watched labrinth tonyt with david bowie in, great nyt with my bbyboo :D
Finally the boyf is here!
Am tweeting a lot tonyt. Just shows how exciting my nyt is until the boyf gets here with my kfc and film!!
I could rest my head just knowin that you are minee! - GNR! Yeah!
Easy come easy go that's just how you live! - @BrunoMars love new one-Grenade. Should be number one anytime soon :D you have the best voice!
Urgh hurry up nathan alice needs krushem!!
You can find me on a table full of vodka and tequila!surrounded by some bunnies and it aint fkin easterrr!
Anyone know of any beauty therapy jobs going in doncaster, who are willing to take on trainees reply to me please! :D much appreciated! :)
Anyone from don valley or around doncaster want manicure/pedi or facial @ donvalley, students a pound if I do them. For others normal price.
Beauty therapy tomorrow. Doing facials again, my skin has been so nice since we've been training for them every once a week. I love it!
Another krushem tonyt. In my pjs. Yumm! Been busy all day and I quite like it I don't get bored :D
Need to stop eatin so much pizza :S
Urgh early morning just to go in for two hours!! Wtf!
Sleeptime..
NOW AM FEELIN SO FLY LIKE A G6!! (8)
Poppin' bottles in the ice like a blizzard. When we drink we do it right get slizzard sippin sizzurp in my ride like 36
#rememberwhen we had bebo.. HAHA! What a piece of crap it looks now. Go look at your bebo, old pics make me laugh :L
Nathan hurry up, in need of a krushem!! :D and film time :)
In a singing mood :D even tho I have another cold.. Come on I only just got rid of the last one :( x
Am free to be watever I, watever I choose n I'll sing the blues if I want (8) oasis gotta love em!!
No time to search the world aroundCause you know where I'll be foundWhen I come around - GD
RT @TheDailyLove: It's a brand new day, a brand new you and anything is possible - whatever you choose! #TDL
Really craving mcdonalds salty chips.. Mmm. Gorgeous! Can't stop eating like a pig lately :S
Really want it to snow!! SNOW SNOW SNOW!!! Please. That would be lovley thanks :D
Gonna go in bath, wait for my man to finish work then off to get a krushem, then snuggle up to watch a film.
Mcdonals for breaky, pizza for dinner thanx to my boyfrnd, soon I'll be rolling down the street :( wickerman tnyt :S better be good!
@FCBarcelona I LOVE DAVID VILLA!! Need to hear about him more in your tweets! :D
Sleep time! Shatterrdddd! GOODNIGHT
Great day learning acrylic nails with my beauty girls. Had a great nyt with my bby boo, vodka nyt tomorra woo! Am lavvin life :D x
Night with @KathWhit much needed. Lasagne and energy drinks mmm. And muppets xmas carol film haha excited!
Nice snuggly nyt in with my man tnyt with about 10 cuppas. Its freezing! But nice n cosey :D
RT @TheDailyLove: I repeat: Don't let ppl who are living their nightmare tell you that you can't live your dream! #TDL
In the best mood ever! Sleeptime :D!!
RT @beckymitcheson: muslim cunts burning flags and poppies. go fuck yourselves and move back to your disease filled ... http://tmi.me/35XyB
Each day is a brand new start
I'd never sing of love if it does not exist.. But darlin u are the only exception... &lt;3
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.
Ask yourself whether the dream of heaven and greatness shud be w8ing 4 us in our graves or whether it shud be ours here, now on this earth.
Love this quote....!
RT @thekatvond: * friend once told me, "Nothing is ever completely wrong-even a broken clock is right twice a day." She's right. :)
Man united then barcelona on later make my man watch the spanish men :D :D !!
Oh and it took the piss out of @Sn00ki, she great but tht was funny!
Loving southpark takin the piss out of new jersey! HAHA!!!!!
Let it all go let it all go (8)
@FCB when are barcelona next playin?? Hmmm
Double cheese pepperoni thanks
Really wants some pizza! Its all I've thort about all day!! Mmmm.
Speakin of sexy cnt wait to spend nyt with my man :D
Watchin @FCBarcelona ohh david villa you are too sexy!
Shopppinng for makeup :D
'We make our fortunes, and we call them fate.'
RT @sam_pepper_bb11: and dont forget if it gets to number one i will get simon cowells face tattooed on my arse :) http://bit.ly/99YKzg
RT @TheDailyLove: What will be, will be because you have chosen it. You create your life with the choices you make. Make 'em count. #TDL
Cnt wait to c my bbyboo tonyt :D snuggle nyt with film and sweets YUM :)
Looovvveeee &lt;3
Once in awhile, Right in the middle of an ordinary life, Love gives us a fairy tale.
Aww my man so sweet went to petrol station and came out with a lighter with love on it haha.. Love him so much :) &lt;3
Sergeant angels back.. Check out his horrrrse!!
Hot fuzz = best film everrr @simonpegg
Great day with my bby so far, nw its time to go out get hot fuzz and laze all nyt :D
Mm mcd's wi mi booo :D
For now I gess I should finish tidyin up :/
Feel tired and bellys hurtin, waitin for my boo to get bk from work then go to mcd's and snuggle all night :D
RT @TheDailyLove: U know u love someone when u feel like you've come #home. #TDL
Feels like crap waitin for my lil bro to cum outa skool... :(
Tired..
Can't wait to c my man tonyt one night away and I'm excited to see him.. God knows what a week would be like :S
@jedwardofficial always cheer me up when i see one of there music videos!! Its a wrap!!!! :D :D :D
Downside of tonyt I get home the bf rings, we argue he shouts down the fone at me.. Says he's sorry. Great!! He can go f*k
Oh god medium told me I would have twin boys, which is understandable as my grandma has twins and to look out for the month may :S scared..
Also going to see a medium.. Hope he tells me good things... Else I don't wanna know! :S
Starting to get ready for tonyt :D time to get very drunk!! :)
Just got up half an hour ago. I'm so lazy on my days off... Party tonyt tho wooo!
Urrgh cannot be arsed today and gotta do manicure, pedicidure and facial. Hope I'm not falling to sleep!
Are the any people on jeremy kyle that aren't either.. Uneducated. Chavs. Slags. Or complete idiots. No there isn't. Its like a comedy show!
Also its the day to meet the parents :S greaaaattt
Up this early on my day off... :@ at least I can get sumthin done today tho... Cbaaaa
Without Love all things meet certain death, Not having Love is like not having breath ☀
Love is the key 2 any doors you find locked Love is the reason 2 keep your heart unblocked ♥
 Love is the answer 2 any questions on your mind Love is the path 2 any treasure you want to find. ♡
Everytime u see me spit everytime u hear me rhyme everytime u see me in ur state or town say wassup (8) soulja boy-turn my swag on &lt;3
Just been for a tour around the prison to see where mum works.. Doesn't appreciate prisoners looking me up and down :-S
Great nyt with my bby but its time for him to go work and me to go out.. Too early!!
Still feelin a bit crappy but tidyin up n gettin ready for a nyt with my man and more drinkin.. Blurgh xo
Urgh hangover not good, I looked dead to the hairdresser, drinking again tonyt tho so nap time then bath time hope i feel better :(
I'm officially pissed.... Hopefully I don't have a lovely hyangover for the hairdtresser in the morning!! Whhops!
Ready to drink drink drink tonyt. Woo!
Won't see my bby tonyt :( time to go out n have a gurd time I think :)
“The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.”
Saw @MissKellyO on chelsea lately she looks great!! Soo pretty
Yumm. BURGER!
In a way better mood today.. Happy happy!!
Bad mood and feel crap :(
Doesn't feel too gd today :( be better when my man finishes work with a film and red bull :D
David villa = &lt;3
Tell mommy am sorry this life is a party.. Am never growin up! (8) :D
Love is great when you find someone to give it to - Chris Myrick
RT @TheDailyLove: Every person I meet today comes bearing a gift and a lesson - I am open to receiving both. #TDL
I let go of and accept the past!
@sam_pepper_bb11 #shit
Great weekend!!!! :D
Waitin for the boyf to finish work then off to get a film and alcohollll mmm for a chilled night in :D xo
Listening to  the good old 80's music. Love it!
@rihanna ur hair looked amazing red!!!
Madness day! :D WELCOME TO THE HOUSE OF FUN!!
I take a closer look at my life and see that I am surrounded by love! - tdl
RT @sam_pepper_bb11: screw you rain, screw you
Rain.. Rain and more bloody rain :( and I chose today to go to town. Why!!
I fearlessly express my Heart's desire. @TheDailyLove
I fearlessly express my Heart's desire.
Eventually you will come to understand that love heals everything, and love is all there is.
Love my man soo much! Soooo inlurve ;)
Feels so much better nw I've seen my bbyboo! :D goin to sleep happy as always :)
Urgh bed time giving beauty course a miss this afternoon :(
Feels crap.
So tired been a busy day, but still in the best mood and can't wait for my boo to finish work :-) &lt;3
RT @MizzHogan: Beautiful day!I have so much happiness in my heart!Who ever thought it could be this great? Follow ... http://tmi.me/1z2St
Weekend with my best girly @KathWhit been great shopping and alcohol woo!! Miss my man too tho...
Just received 150 quid. Shopping here I come!!!! X
Started beauty corse its great did manicures and hand & arm massages today then got tomorrow off to laze! :D
&lt;3
Woah where did all the rain come from!! :( go away!
Start my beauty course on wednesday doing manicures! Can't wait even tho the uniform isn't too nice :/
Been Shop shop shopppiiiinnnggg. Love it
Loving life so much! Can't wait to start my beauty corse either! Woo!
RT @iF0LL0WBACK: RT if you like Family Guy more than Simpsons
#nowplaying And that's about the time she walked away from me nobody likes you when your 23 - blink 182 - what's my age again
#messagetomj You were a legend and always will be! You greatness will live on! R.I.P xo
MICHAEL JACKSON albums on the go! LEGEND! R.I.P
I love my man so much!
Been in the worst mood tonight. Don't even no why! Grr
All tidying up done, bath time and then get ready for my boo ;)
Morning!!  Oh soo tired today and I'm baby sittin all day. Not good.
Have to say ridin solo has been the best @jasonderulo song yet even tho I love all of them! He's got sum gr8 moves ;)
So so soooo happy!!!
Come play my game I'll test ya!!! Prodigy the best :)
Love @Eminem!! Best lyrics ever!
Feels quite sad seein Patrick swayzes vid she's like the wind r.I.p
Wooo!! So happy with my exam results!!!
:-D
Ahh results day for me tomorrow.. I am sh*ttin myself!! Wish me luck.. Gonna need it :/ x
Off to see my man soon, when he decides he's lookin gd enuf to pick me up.. Weird boy
#nowplaying @gunsnroses - november rain. Amazing song!
@DeanSmith9 :O u have muse tickets. So jealous!
Got soo much to do tomorrow so gess its sleep time for me. Gurrdnight!
Lovee txts that make you smile :-D even when your alone show some loveee :)
Big brother is so funny tonight!! Mario walkin rwnd naked I was pmsl!!
I love my boo! Empty bed tonight tho but fone calls on the hour every hour.. Love!
Gotta start workin out after sunday dinners, feel like I'm gonna explode!!
River island why did u change change the website it was way better b4 !!!
Gettin ready for a night with my boo :)
Mum just bought an adidas boxing set.. Wtf!
It's not being in love that makes me happy. It's being in love with you that makes me happy... 'I love you nath!!'
Eventually you will come to understand that love heals everything, and love is all there is.. #love
In a very lovin mood tonight I love my family, friends and my man too much!! Lifes too short not to show some lurve :)
“Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.”
RT @TheDailyLove: Your Light can't come from someone else, it has to shine from within you. #TDL
Beautiful day, waitin for my clothes to be deliverd then off out with my boo :)
Noooo john james don't go!!!! U will win!
That our love would last forever n if we die we'd die together (8) ... Muse &lt;3
Inlove with my life at the minute!! Too good4 me.
Early night...
Really missin my boo :(
I love my bby boo!
RT @TheDailyLove: The faster you can forgive others, the faster you will be happy. Forgiveness liberates the forgiver! #TDL
I love my life and everyone in it can u say the same? If not change it, right nowwww :)
Love, live, laugh
Think love love love :)
In love !!! :) so happy!!
Family guuyyyyy! :)
RT @TheDailyLove: Open up & love again, the hurts of the past are simply lessons in how to make better choices now. #TDL
Off out with my man :)
Wow, a music day today I think in a hyped up mood!! :)
Fancies some cake!
Welcome to the jungle we got fun n games!!
I loveee my man sooo much.. All you need is love &lt;3
Southpark :) ftw
