blksheep67
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/217662993/Robert_1998_400x400.jpeg
FANBOY FACEOFF: Aquaman vs. Namor the Sub-Mariner - http://t.co/YDm4XFh2XP via @Shareaholic
WHOIS@BLKSHEEP67
@DIRECTV I want to watch my favorite teams on Pac-12 Networks! http://t.co/lPoarKT5
Photo: Me working at a friend’s computer http://t.co/EnXem01D
tumblrbot asked: WHERE WOULD YOU MOST LIKE TO VISIT ON YOUR PLANET? http://t.co/pg0OFFa7
Woke up last night, lost my balance, broke my fan.  Sigh
Sitting down to watch Kurosawa's Drunken Angel
At Olive Garden for a dinner takeout.  Breadsticks!  Yum.
Doing laundry...joy joy what fun
Ok that's it. No more Christmas music! I have heard enough including a speed metal version of Silent Night & Ted Nugent's Deck the Halls.
About to go to my brother's home for Christmas.
Merry Christmas & happy holidays to you all.
Happy Festivus!
Staying warm under the blankets watching football as I nurse a cold.
Watching college football
I have a nasty headache.
Watching the Matrix
Underneath the blankets trying to get warm in my chilly home.
Watching the Matrix trilogy
Lots of busy & tiring errands but just when I was irritated & frustrated I saw a rainbow which was fantastic since it didn't rain today.
:)
@janusfilms I hope that the 4 stars Rashomon received was out of 4 stars.  If it was out of 5 stars it should receive 4.5 stars at least!
Just finished watching a couple of DVD's and off to bed...
Setting up a VCR to a TV. The setup with the wires doesn't correspond to the directions in the booklet.  How irritating!
Going mad looking for the receipt for the universal remote that has stopped working.
I have an appointment but really don't feel like going...
A bit of a headache so it's medication time and off to bed
I watched the Hong Kong WuXia film Green Snake about 2 snake spirits that wanted to experience humanity. Not a great film & bad subtitles.
Watched an interesting show on Japanese tattoos and the Yakuza (sp?) on History. Ch.  Having your entire body tattooed called a bodysuit.
Roosters have been crowing 4 over an hour & it isn't close to being dawn. If Hell was customized to the individual then roosters are in mine
Dogs are barking outside.  I don't think I could sleep if they weren't.
Downloading and Updating my computer.  I didn't think that setting my computer back to the Factory Spec's would be so work intensive!
Watching Kung Fu Hustle
Watching Heroes
Headed for bed
Recuperating from an exhausting Wednesday
Headed to bed after watching 14 episodes of Bleach (the anime and not the household cleaning product).
I slept 18 hours today and thought it was Tuesday when it was Wednesday.  Hopefully Thursday will be a better day
I am now officially medicated/drugged up
Wishing I was asleep - the dawn is the enemy,
Up late watching anime - Death Note
I slept all day sleeping off a medication induced coma sleep so my Saturday is blown.
Trying to figure out how to get a stronger signal for my wireless connection.  I may need an antenna with a longer cord.
I slept all day avoiding the heat and now I can't sleep.
:(
I can't sleep.  From the dogs barking and one of the dogs putting his body against the door repeatedly which sound like a burglary I am up.
Dogs are barking their heads off.  What is going on outside?
I just woke up as I fell asleep too early - i'll probably be awake all night Arghh!
I now have 22 followers.  I could have a start-up cult!  The cult of Robert!
I woke up at 8:30am after going to bed at 2:30am - why am I awake!
I'm Feeding the dogs - yay my life is exciting.
Watching Better Off Ted - I love this show.
I woke up too soon - I hate mornings!
At the Doctor's office waiting, waiting, waiting, ..........................
I have a headache but what else is new
I just woke up from a nap and I didn't know if it was Sunrise or Sunset.  I love Sunset since night is coming.
Up late watching an old episode of Lost
I am a chick magnet for dysfunctional women!
Hoping to fall asleep & stay asleep.  I have a 8:10 medical appointment on Saturdy - what was I thinking?
Just woke up from sleeping off a headache .
I just woke up and it feels like I slept for over 24 hours but I think I only slept for a couple of hours.  I'm so disoriented.
Hot and tired or is it I'm tired and hot?
Laying down on the couch in front of the fan going full blast.  Now if I could only put the couch in the kitchen under the AC.
:^P
My AC has stopped working!!!!!!!!  Argh!
Woke up to a stifling heat and pillows drenched in sweat - yick!
Up late watching anime.  Hopefully on Sunday I'll discover some motivation to go grocery shopping.
I feel pretty cruddy with a headache and a bit woozy but I need to stay up for another hour
Going to bed early (for me).  I have two Doctor's appointments on Thursday.  Such is my life.
I was watching some anime when this flashed on the screen: The Dawn is your Enemy!
With how I love the night and how I hate Mornings I agree
If it was up to me morning would come later in the day.
I'm fully medicated so it's off to sleep and happy dream land
I'm awake. I'm very happy it rained last night. Even the electricity went out around 3am-I have blinking clocks (I need batteries for them)
I made it home alive from the bank & Post Office-I'm amazed that so many people can't comprehend how to use a turn signal or use it wrongly!
Sitting at a table at Magpie's Pizza waiting for my slices of pizza.  Mmmmm
Pain makes me think there should be Flintstones chewable Morphine.  I would probably overdose on Morphine Gummy Bears.  Ok now I'm hungry!
I just woke up and my back hurts.  Where's the Vicodin?
I finished budgeting for July - my exploding tire last month is really crimping the lifestyle I want to live.
Noooooooooo!  I've run out of chocolate syrup.  How can I have my chocolate milk?  Oh the horror of it all!!!
I'm awake and I hear some thunder - rain would be very nice today.
Home from the Doctor's, pharmacy, and running errands.  I topped it off with a sandwich from Subway & I'm stuffed.
I just killed the fly that was pestering me - yes my life is full of excitement
I watched the Lost Boys from the 80's and it was weird seeing Keifer Sutherland as a Vampire compared to him as Jack Bauer
I'm watching TV and they're still showing Billy Mays commercials - it's kind of weird
I have a headache but I'm watching Wimbledon & they just closed the roof due to rain which is significant since they have never done it.
The strangest part of my sleeping patterns is that there isn't a pattern!  I wish I could fall asleep.
:(
Chatting with a friend online reminded me of what scared me when I was little - killers hiding behind shower curtains & sharks
Can't sleep......and I don't feel like doing anything
If you get hurt in bed with someone in bed with you I can understand.  That is fun!  Hurting yourself when you're alone in bed is baffling
Still hurting from waking up with the excruciating pain in my arm.  My Vicodin pill helped but how I hurt myself alone in bed is beyond me.
@evilangellib why do you need to become 1? Is it the money/respect? I've had heart surgery & he saw me more than I saw him as I was drugged
I woke up in excruciating pain this morning with a hurt arm. I know "sleeping" in a bed can be a contact sport for 2 people but not for 1.
It's 102 degrees outside and I'm sitting with a fan directed at me.  I was standing directly below the AC vent but got tired.
@benbcgp RT if they control the world does that mean your wife is in control of you and the church & you're just the front man/talking head?
@robertophoto the car manufactuer or the furniture company?  What other Ikea's are there'
Why is it that in athletics Christians will praise God if they win but not when they lose.Shouldn't they be thanking God for losing as well?
In commercials directed @ children both the male & female parents are portrayed as ignorant fools & the kids have it all together.Oh please!
I just responded to Ben that modern ad's portray men as idiots & women as stable & brilliant as they put up with men who are fools.
@benbcgp why is it that men are viewed as idiots and fools In commercials & women are normal, reliable, & intelligent-they both have issues
When I first saw the Jared commercials with the "he went to Jared" I was confused - they're excited because they saw Jared from Subway?
:D
In the Subway commercials I wonder if Jared has a job other than being their spokesman.  How much is he paid & if he gets free sandwiches.
In the Olive Garden commercials why are there never any Asians in them.  There are just Caucasians & and white culture African-Americans.
I like Jack in the Box commercials.  How can you not like a guy with a restaurant in his kitchen & a helecopter with a car alarm on it.
:)
Ronald McDonald is a character I would think parents would want to keep their kids away from.He just spends days wanting 2 "play" with kids
Whenever I see the hotdog in the Weinerschnitzel commercials I can't help but think if he went to a Mosque or Synagogue he would be safe.
The Burger King in the BK commercials creeps me out.He looks like he could be a serial murderer like the ghost masks in the Scream franchise
Watching TV Is one of the things I can do when i'm sick and I tend to analyze commercials on a deeper level than what was intended...
I woke up and I still have a headache.  I remember the saying " the body is willing but the flesh is week - right now both are week. 
I
This is freaky bizarre - my Tv is turning on by itself.
recovering from throwing up all night.  I'm ok but I'm not sure what my stomach can handle right now.
Insomnia, headache, allergies.....I have it all and they say you can't have it all.
I can't sleep - been up all night
I received e-mail saying someone was interested in me. I clicked on the link to see their pic & profile & it said fatal error - I'm doomed!
@pearldoor 
if you almost hurt yourself maybe you need a stunt double.  She takes all the risks & you get all the credit
I'm awake and laying down in front of a fan to cool off.  A nap would be nice.
I can't fall asleep. I haven't had chocolate or caffeine in over a week. If I have the effects of them I should be enjoying them!.
I am extremely unmotivated and lying on my bed.  I think sleep is calling my name.
Watching South Africa play New Zealand in a FIFA Cup match
I just remembered in Bambi in the Spring time the animals became twitterpitted and fell in love with a mate. I doubt that's happening for me
I like my new place. It gets warm/hot from the sun if I don't have my fans or AC on but I have a nice buffer zone seperating me from family.
I can't sleep but sleeping until 4pm probably has something to do with it.
@pearldoor 
Lisa,
I saw you have 70 people following you.  Do you realize with that many you could start your own cult?  The cult of Lisa!!!
I'm up when I should get to bed but I'm enjoying playing with my cell phone
I was having issues with Twittetific so I'm trying out Twitterfon.
@pearldoor I read you have 70 followers.  Do you realize you have enough to have a decent size cult - the cult of Lisa!  Fear her!
Awake and lying down in front of a fan to cool down.
Awake but not functioning yet
Sitting on the floor organizing piles of paperwork & taking a break since my leg fell asleep.  Yes I live the life of adventure & excitement
I'm still feeling cautious about my car like something bad is going to happen
In the waiting room as I wait for a new tire.  Why is it that waiting rooms don't have clocks?  You never know what time it is!
Time for bed so I can face a day of getting a new tire (watching money fly away) and seeing a Doctor about my throat.
I'm in the waiting room of my Neurologist and a kid is screaming giving me a headache!
It's past 3am and I can't sleep!
On bedrest - how frustrating
Back still hurts - more med's needed
Owwww!!!  Back pain - where's the Vicodin!
I'm awake and not commiting to anything beyond that.
Time to drug up and go to bed.
Why doesn't Twitter accept your photo?  Are you too marvelous for it?
Watching the Good, the Bad, and the Ugly and thinking about burritos
I'm still highly unmotivated after sleeping 12 hours last night - I wish I could fall back asleep
Woke up real late today - it was the afternoon.  A.M. For me has turned into 12am to 4am.
Laying in bed hoping to fall back asleep.
I'm awake and it's too early - I wish I hadn't fallen asleep at 7pm
It's 98 degrees outside so I have the AC on & a fan directed at me but so far the heat is winning
