TweetJane75
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1166367818/DSC03062_-_Copy_400x400.JPG
@BgKahuna where's the L.F. Cafe? I may be able to make that.
@rakarulz way too long. We should pick a day/time to chat on fb soon!
It's almost quittin' time!
@rakarulz I'm getting by. What about you?
Steak @ Lone Star was good. Two shots of Jose was better.
After 10 days I can finally tweet from my phone again. Game on!
Getting ready to sit through some Big Brother propaganda. Please let the payoff be worth this.
Getting ready to go see "The Help". The book was awesome.
@BgKahuna what time? I'm hungry.
@slicklaroo Overacheiver. Did u go to Petite Chou? I LOVE that place! Harrison Crepe.
@seppichdaily petite chou, Taste or Zest for brunch Sunday. Seatimg @ Taste gets hard to find sometimes.
@slicklaroo I meant "downtown."
@slicklaroo devour fowntown restaurants.
@0kelly true dat... :-)
@0kelly yeah, um, you won't make it before closing time even if u leave right now.
Just found out BW3's has outdoor seating in Castleton. I may have a plan....
@0kelly IDK if they do or not but I'm thinking it's close and I don't have to dress up :-) Beer and wings = scrubworthy.
@0kelly I'm thinking I need to find ot if BW3's in Castleton has outdoor seating. T
@0kelly where we going then?
I'm thinking the grass can wait another day. It's beer thirty. Who wants to go where ASAP?
@slicklaroo me. Where and when?
it's a beautiful night out. Too bad I have to waste it going to bed.
@kristina64 got a wedding to go to on 10/15.
@0kelly yeah. I'm a little slow here :-)
@kristina64 I've done two marathons w/ TNT. Love Light the Night. when is it?
I need more peeps to I follow on Twitter...
The final	Harry Potter movie im IMAX 3D in 16 minutes. In 2 1/2 hours it's all over...
Wonder what would happen if all govenments would stop paying for war and spend it on peace...
Today made marrying an old rich guy who asked on a whim look like a FANTASTIC IDEA!
Can someone bring me some chocolate? If not the chocolate bunny hiding in the fridge will lose a limb.
Great afternoon on the water instead of at work on a Saturday afternoon. Thanks, Cyndi! :-)
@slicklaroo get some arnicare for ur bruise!
It's neighborhood garage sale day. Wish I'd thought of the "nails in grass park at ur own risk" sign for my yard sooner.
I wish someone had explained why I should have a 4G phone before I bought 3G...
Preparing to make a cheesecake and wondering if I remember how to use the oven.
The process is over when I  left downtown this morning. Now I have to sit back and wait.
Unexpected nap in my chair tonight. Up in time to go to bed.
I need to find my funny....
Um, who turned the outdoor themostat to ten above hellfire?
I wish I could live my lifestyle off half my salary Maybe in 8 more years..
Two hours and change and then no more Sundays at work for me!
RT @cphadley: We must never allow this to fall into the hands of @BgKahuna http://yfrog.com/kl11027769j
Whew! Worked so hard today I	thought I'd find cankles when I got home. No worries I'm good :-)
I'm so far behind the times. I just unlocked the Newbie bagde on Foursquare. Scary...
I just unlocked bfuitb (bareft up in the backyard) badge on KahunaIsland
It's Quttin' Time! http://twitgoo.com/2iognl
It's one of those nights when I'm hungry and nothing sounds good.
Glad to have a three day weekend but why couldn't it have started Friday like it did for the rest of the world?
Hope  everyone had a great 3 day weekend. Mine started when I clocked out @ 6:40pm.
Bed soon. only 2 more fridays of getting up at 5:30am. Woohoo!
RT @LiquorStoreBoy: Why in the fuck is it so hard to wear shoes, a shirt, and PANTS when you come into my store?  #AllWhiteTrashNeedTotDie
@indyval  hurry up
In Kahuna Manor driveway #KahunaIsland
@indyval  see ya there!
@BgKahuna  a cabinet position once you're in office huh.
@BgKahuna @youtube How did you get David McAnally to do that?  COOL!
It's Cinderella Thursday.  I'm cleaning and doing laundry.  What an exciting day.
@kristina64 @PaulPoteet I was wondering why he didn't do that myself :-)
@0kelly Yeah, that's it.  My bad.  They're both blondes, so do I get any credit there?
@PaulPoteet I need to pay more attention.  I don't know how I ever missed this vital info and lived this long without it!
@MyCarDoc @mycardoc I &lt;3 The Journey.  Raincheck.  I had a lunch date.  The Journey would have been better....
@PaulPoteet @slicklaroo What happen to Antonio Banderas?  I thought he was Meg's soulmate, right after Don Johnson...
I've decided to write a book on dating horror stories, contact me w/info so I can get some more stories.
Happy 2011!
Am I the only chick in Indy NOT going to see Wicked tomorrow?  I'm starting to think so...
@MsSwank :Congrats!!!! So happy for you! Welcome back to the world of "working for 'The Man'"  enjoy your day tomorrow!
Santa handed my new job off to the Easter Bunny to give to me.  As long as it's when instead of if I get it, I'm good with that.
It's oh dark-thirty, and I'm on my way to work shortly.  I'm used to coming home in the dark, not going in.
Do I go back out, or do I stay home?  Decisions, decisions...
Merry Christmas!
I'm not Catholic, but how many hail mary's do I have to say for texting in church?
@MyCarDoc back at ya.  Hope you enjoyed your rememberance dinner!
@MsSwank hope your dad does well and gets better in time for the holidays!  Pulling for him!
@kristina64 my pants don't do a good enough job of that already?  Don't think I need that app!
@BgKahuna but if you look hard enough, it does have "m" and "e"
I'm considering starting a blog for the new year.  Who wants to tutor a blogging virgin?
I really wish that 1) Shula's delivered and 2) someone else was buying if they did.
@PaulPoteet -thanks for the shout out on episode #36!  Now... go plant something :D
Gonna be a long day.  When a Saturday starts at 5:30, and it invovles a timeclock, there's no other explaination needed.
I'm scared to look at the election results.  At least the ads are over for a while....
Don't forget to vote, because if you don't, then you're not allowed to bitch about politics until you do!
@alan_jordan Never been, I'm so jealous!  I miss my Sunday brunching!
Tomb Raiders was also a good one!
Nothing like sophomoric humor to make me laugh first thing in the morning, thank you tweeters!
Fave in the "in your pants" movie game: The Sound of Music in my pants!  LMAO!
Just getting ready to hit another day in the salt mine.  Sorry trick or treaters, but nobody answering the door here this year either.
BW3's would make a lot more money if they delivered to me here at work.  It would be to the point that all I have to do is say my name.
I'm so ready to go home now.
It's a Jonny Lang kinda day for my iTunes here at work all.freaking. DAY!
@DrunkMfers not if it's for advertising purposes for campaigning in NYC.  I'm not a legal voter there. Otherwise I am happy for new tweets!
Hate getting excited about a new follower on Twitter only to find out it's someone I don't know from Adam.
Going to Tie Dye Grill for dinner tonight.
on the internet: "Judge orders McDonald's to pay ex-employee $17.5K," because he got fat on the job.  Seriously?  I'm in the wrong business.
@BgKahuna, thought you said Twitter was down.  Are you just ashamed of the fact that you may actually WANT to work today?
Off to Petite Chou for a crepe for breakfast.  It's my Sunday.
Something about Michael Franti and the Spearheads reminds me of Bob Marley.  I'm just saying....
Time to get ready to socialize for the rest of the day.  First cancer survivor celebration, then #SMDIndy at Houlihan's ASAP afterwards.
Time to make the doughnuts.
After all the tweeting about chicken pot PIE yesterday, I may now have to go to Boston Market and get one.  Thanks!
I didn't blow away.  Crisis over.
I drink water from a wine glass before going into work because psychologically, it makes me feel like I'm sticking it to the man.
Tis the season for crock pots, Bailey's and anything with apples in it :D
Good Night, Indy, and all my adoring fans!
and I pound on that drum like it was the boss's head... I don't wanna work, I just want to bang on the drum all day.
New 5-0's end just like the old ones, they wrap it all up in the last 5 minutes.
RT @funnyoneliners: Friends are God's way of apologizing for your relatives.
Asked the dr here at work if he could write me a script for pizza. Says he can't contribute to bad nutrition. So much for his job security.
Am I the only one who wonders why they make low rise jeans for people who CLEARLY don't need to wear them?
For a good time, subscribe to BgKahuna1 channel on youtube.com. Do it TODAY! :-P
A night with BgKahuna is like a box of chocolates, you nevah know whatcha gonna git!
Beer Pong is an awesome sport... for me to spectate.  Please don't ask me to play.  There are better things to do with balls and beer.
@MsSwank Happy Birthday with 12 minutes left to go!  Hope it was awesome!
The sky can't make up it's mind. The sun's out and it's raining at the same time.
For those of you wanting rain, never fear, since I'm headed to the Covered Bridge Festival, it will be a given.
All the world's a stage, and I'm in the middle of it!
I so hope Handel's has pumpkin ice cream soon!
148 minutes and I'm off work.
Silence can speak volumes sometimes.
@MsSwank Good luck on the interview!
There was a party that went on in my sinuses last night, but I wasn't invited.  Waiting for the dr's office to open now. FUN!
If I wear ruby slippers to work, can I get home faster?
Too bad I couldn't call in with uncreativity today.  Unfortunately, my line of "picture taking" doesn't have a need for it so here I am.
I love rain, it keeps all the crazies from coming outside and hurting themselves.
I really need to upgrade my cell so I can tweet from the phone and not just the laptop.
@MsSwank free passes to "The Facebook?"  How was it?  Wait for DVD or go see it now?
@kristina64 You had me at "drawers...."  LOL!
Home from work, and I wish 21st Amendment delivered.
@rhiana_shabazz do what I do: be your own best friend and the rest are icing on the cake :D
@kristina64 are your drawers clean now?  Did someone scare you or what happened? :D couldn't resist! I need the laugh!
I need my friends to do some stupid stuff in the next couple of weeks, I need material for my routine!
@BgKahuna I think I already may have 6!  Go figure!
@BgKahuna, when's the next TweetUp?  I gotta get out more, especially if we're gonna do stand up soon!
Seriously considering doing amateur night at Crackers next month.  Who's in as my laugh crew?
@gotchababy Did you try Whole Foods in Nora for the lemongrass? Maybe Trader Joe's?
How can sitting around for 13 hrs make your legs feel like you've been on them at work all day?
All I can think about now is cookies and Hawaiian Punch.
@Bgkahuna- the Fox had a fever and it needed more cowbell!
Big Bang Theory is on- wooHOO!!!! Thursday night just got better!
Is it wrong that I was eating a piece of Godiva chocolate cheesecake while watching The Biggest Loser?
I need to be picking wildflowers.
One more last ditch email sent this morning.  Ugh!  I want out of the Time Machine, it's going the wrong way.
Thanks for dinner, Nancy, wish you could have made it in person....
When you're handed a shit sandwich, don't forget to ask for the chips and pickle.  It helps it to go down easier....
Lord, I have my resignation letter ready, my old scrubs ready, my house is cleaned, and all I need is the call from Larry. Please, thanks!
"Is it Monday yet?" is not something you normally hear, unless you work a freak shift like I just did.
This is gonna be a long day....
Still waiting.... Is this what eternity feels like?
Cheesecake Factory's Key Lime cheesecake makes everything better for a little while.  Still waiting to hear.  There's always tomorrow.
Still waiting to hear....
Friday, I'm so happy you're here, but could you pass quickly?
I wear diamonds on the inside....
If the world is my oyster, then someone give me my pearl back!
In the words of Don Williams, "Lord, I hope this day is good..."
Just in case anyone was wondering, I'm awesome....
Come on Good News Friday!  Four more days to go!
Does anyone know if it's possible to overdose on Tums? Waiting sucks....
Everyone send my friend Dave at work good mojo that he gets good news from NC today!  That's also good news for ME then!
Nailed it.  And now.... we WAIT!  It's gonna be a long 7 to 10 days.... Cross everything.
All the world's a stage, and I am in the center of it!
I am soooo going to nail it tomorrow morning, but all the good mojo I can get will be appreciated!
Is it Saturday yet?  I'm ready for the boat and some Firefly Sweet Tea....  What a week and it's only Wednesday!
If you can spare 5 seconds at 10am on Thursday to send me serious good mojo I promise to return the favor!
One day closer to retirement!  It's a bitch to wish my life away...
2 1/2 hours before I have to go to work and take the second bite of the shit sandwich I got yesterday.  I do hope dessert comes fast!
That's fog outside.  Whew!  For a minute I thought it may be my eyes since I stayed up til 1:30 and I'm up before 9.
On this month's bill paying Sunday, I'm thinking that auto-pay on the bills may not be such an evil concept after all.
@PaulPoteet voted for #6, good luck!
Getting ready to have a come to Jesus with Mother Nature, I'm going boating today, and she needs to behave.
"Having a baby is like getting a tattoo on your face, you kinda gotta be committed."  LOVE IT!
@BgKahuna tsk tsk tsk....
@BgKahuna Love the Hare video, but who was shooting?  huuummmmmm?
Good night to my minions!
Being hungry at 9:30 at night sucks.
@BgKahuna I'm scared....
@kristina64 Not admissible=WTF?!!?
Round one down, and I'm thinking it went well.
New chant for my ruby slippers: there's no place like day shift, there's no place like day shift, there's no place like day shift.
Learned that the day will go much faster if you wait til 10:30 to get out of bed and start it.
I tweet, therefore I am
Unlocking the "Queen Supreme Ruler of my backyard badge" @KahunaIsland
@kristina64 Had it, it wasn't up to expectation...Not that I'm sure what exactly I did expect, but was still disappointed. No mo' butter.
@kristina64 no butter! :D
Planning on unlocking the "having a Firefly Sweet Tea Vodka cocktail" badge in the next hour @KahunaIsland
Unlocked the "got up for work in the dark" badge about an hour ago @KahunaIsland
9 hrs and 15 mins until I unlock the "bitch trying to keep it under control at work" badge #KahunaIsland
Getting off work at 9:30p and going back in at 7a in a word, sucks.
Anyone have the inside on some winning Powerball numbers.  I'm going ticket shopping tomorrow.
Thinking I should wear my red ruby slippers to work. "There's no place like home, there's no place like home, there's no place like home..."
@KahunaIsland Obviously Math is not my strong suit on Monday.  Make that TEN 1/2 hours.
@KahunaIsland Yes, I have officially unlocked my "Case of the Mondays" badge.  Only 11 1/2 hrs til quitting time...
Thinking about how if I buy a Wii and get Netflicks for my programs I can totally screw Comcast cable...
Unlocked the "foxy lady at Harry and Izzy's having dinner" badge #KahunaIsland
@rhiana_shabazz nothing better to do than that!
I want to watch Sarah Palin on twitter, but only for the amusement factor.  I don't want anyone thinking I agree with the nutjob!
@kristina64 Well, it's hot out, but come on, where are the wings?  It's FOOTBALL! :D
#GoHorse @KahunaIsland
Naptime before heading to Harry & Izzy's for dinner tonight.  Wonder if I'll run into Harry or Izzy while I'm there...
@KahunaIsland :go Horse!
Disclaimer: Should have been 1st tweet. All tweets from TJ75 should be taken in good huomr and preferrably with salt, lime & tequilla.
