BBCSaturdayLive
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1304224378/richard_coles_203_203x152_400x400.jpg
and he passes on Me and the Eagle by Steve Earle from the soundtrack of  "The Horse Whisperer"
Nicholas inherits That's Your Funeral from Oliver the musical
Nicholas Evans is the author of five books, most notably 'The Horse Whisperer'. His latest, 'The Brave', is out now
Coming up the inheritence tracks of Nicholas Evans
Anna McPartlin is an Irish writer  who joined us to talk about her challenging childhood and how it turned her into a lifelong optimist.
Paul Gambaccini says a piano makes him feel secure
Fascinating story about the finding of a box of old family photographs and reuniting them with their owner
Richard Coles - tall, slim debonair - in case you are wondering !
There's a great story coming up from two of our guests who met each other after one of them bougt photos of the other in a junk shop....
Poised like coiled springs here in the Saturday Live studio. The Great Gambo resplendent in a pink polo shirt and matching socks....
@bitpartplayer It actually isn't but hey. There was no "athletics debate".
@bitpartplayer He did one for Sloggi. He did one for Kleenex about 'small packets'. Et cetera.
@corfmeister Ha ha! Perfect!
@christinemosler She's oiled, wheeled and ready!
@bitpartplayer 'Disgusting' is probably a mild overexaggeration. Especially given that Mr Christie did a number of ad campaigns on the theme
Here come the #InheritanceTracks of @eoincolfer They're really good and I don't care who knows! He inherits Whatever You Want by Status Quo
Janet Barker sets the questions for Mastermind. She really does. And she got to the semis. She's good.
@melstarrs Whatever your husband says you are that's what you're not, Mel
RT @MustBeTheJanay: Thing of such joy @BBCSaturdayLive is such a distraction, a beautiful, informative, comfy distraction but distractio ...
La Toksvig has arrived. She's jaunty. Oh she's jaunty.
@mikehm2 Fantastic stuff Mike! Great memories!
RT @LambethCatwalk: Oklahoma bombing survivor on @BBCSaturdayLive amazing. I'm against death penalty-but he spoke about that&everything  ...
In 1988 Brian Belle-Fortune went to the Olympic 100m final. Ben Johnson vs Carl Lewis vs Lindford Christie. Oh + some steroids. He Was There
This is Richard Williams who survived the Oklahoma City bomb of 1995.
@suzyklein Cheers love! Be nice to see you soon for a bitch about our kids, etc! x
@BBCRadio4 Oops. It's not even @revrichardcoles. It's @tweeta_anita
It's @tweeta_anita with the lovely Alexei Sayle with a soupçon of Elvis to kick off with.
3 minutes 30 seconds to lift off. I have the usual butterflies! Live radio eh?!
@corfmeister I defy you or @alicearnold1 not to get the old shoulders shaking with track 1. Track 2? Get the hankies.
@corfmeister Excellent news. I have a monumentally fine #Inheritance Tracks for you
@tweeta_anita Ha ha! See you at 10 ;)
@corfmeister Bonjour! Is it you this morning?
@suzyklein Morning missus!! Hope you're well? Simonx
And Richard Williams tells his remarkable story about surviving the Oklahoma City bomb and the parallels with the tragedies in Oslo + Utoya
We have the #InheritanceTracks of the Artemis Fowl author @eoincolfer. They're pretty damn fantastic even if we say so ourselves.
Lots to get through this morning; our studio guest star is #AlexeiSayle. We'll be there at the infamous 1988 Olympic 100m final, and.....
Morning, producer Simon here. @revrichardcoles is on holiday this week so we're thrilled (she made me say it) to have @tweeta_anita helming
@alsdouble Glad you're continuing to enjoy the output.
@EltonMouna Indeed. The Rev and Jimmy Somerville were The Communards.
That's all for today - Richard is off next week. Our guest presenter will be Anita Anand and studio guest will be scientist Colin Pillenger
Ventriloquist Steve Hewlett on Saturday Live
Sandi Toksvig in the studio
Coming up Rosie Le Grys tells us why a perfume bottle from the 1940's is the thing about her
Morning all @devlin_jp here, @saturday live about to start hope you're ready!
Paul Goldreich's parents ran an ANC safe house in Rivonia in the early 1960's and one of the 'guests' was a young Nelson Mandela.
The legend that is Sandi Toksvig is in the studio, resplendent in a red jacket. It's a vision.
JP in Bury St Edmunds. He's still there.
Caroline Christenson was a model who appeared more than 50 times on Page 3 from the late 1970's onwards.
Hello! We're up and running and @revrichardcoles is kicking off with the wonderful @dredamitchell
That would be butterflies ahead of the impending programme rather than due to the dulcet tones of @steve_hewlett , wonderful though he is.
Awaiting the Today trail and listening to our colleague @steve_hewlett talking to John. Butterflies.
Listening to very windy reports from Africa on @r4today with Clive Myrie. Hugely moving.
Hello, producer Simon here. Sorry to say the sticky 'M' key remains on the studio computer so apologies in advance for any spelling istakes
And we'll hear from a man who grew up with the great Nelson Mandela. See you in the morning at 0902. Don't be late!
There are the Inheritance Tracks of the former Home Secretary Jacqui Smith, @devlin_jp has been to meet the people of Bury St Edmunds
Hello! Gearing up for tomorrow's programme. Very welcome return to @DredaMitchell as our studio guest star. @mistergeepoet is on board too
Biddy chooses Biddy Baxter 'Passing By' by Paul Robeson and the overture to 'The Marriage of Figaro' by Mozart.
The Inheritance tacks of former editor of Blue Peter, Biddy Baxter on Saturday Live now
@InfoGrae I see what you did there. Still - technically - doesn't count ;)
@InfoGrae Not tomorrow either but the day after tomorrow! Ta da!
@InfoGrae Ta da! :)
....and the usual mix of Inheritance Tracks, et cetera. So join us from Centre Court at 9.02 on Saturday
We'll hear about the1960 final from one of the ball boys, find out about how the late, great Gil Scott Heron saved an 18 year old scouser...
We're broadcasting from Centre Court and Clare will be joined by jazz legend Al Jarreau and @mattharvey4
Morning tweeps. It's a Saturday Live special from @Wimbledon this week with @clarebalding1 at the helm. Hurrah!
natalie mccann
Sorry for the lack of tweets. This is Lesley Garrett choosing her Inheritance Tracks.
@thebisson It wasn't a good moment Liz!!
This is Martin Davies talking about how he created the Jimi Hendrix/Welsh National Anthem hoax.
My first presenter, Esther Rantzen, talking about the 25th anniversary of Childline.
Here we go......
@MishalHusainBBC Hello!! Hope you're well?
....woman who discovered, after 47 years of marriage, that her husband had a dark secret. See you at 9am!
We have the Inheritance Tracks of Lesley Garrett, we'll be discovering what it takes to make a good hoax work and we have the story of the..
On the show @revrichardcoles will be joined by Esther Rantzen and @lukewrightpoet We'll be getting our nails done at a pamper party for kids
Morning all! It's cold out there this morning! Inside Studio 50 C+D it's much warmer. Studio managers Jane + Vic have the temperature way up
@hayley_lou21 It will never happen ;)
@corfmeister Ha ha. So essentially what you're saying is he once travelled in a bus?! @voiceoftheballs
@DaSteeps Fantastic!! Owning a lion is about as cool as it gets!
@corfmeister Does he? @voiceoftheballs Sounds like a Saturday Live Secret Life in the making!
@AliciaHills He was nice wasn't he. But the lion wins out for me everytime!
@DaSteeps It's such a great story isn't it Matthew!
@Gabethevegan Thank you Gabe. Very kind.
@Amphidromic Ooh you cynic you!
Have a great weekend. See you through the week but no show next Saturday.
...she passed on Sammy's Song by her and Ellen Wilber. And here's the link to Christian the Lion: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btuxO-C2IzE
Music used in the menu was Gil Scott Heron and Jamie XX's I'll Take Care Of U. And Jodi Inherited You've Got A Friend by James Taylor and...
Sorry for the lack of tweets - maybe that was a good thing?! It was quite a hectic studio. For those of you asking, the details are: .....
This is Ace Bourke and his remarkable story of Christian the Lion cub.
All a bit of a rush at the end there! On air now, phew!
It's a story that will bring a big old smile to your face. Look at that; guaranteeing smiles of a Saturday!
And we have my favourite story of the year; Ace Bourke bought a lion in Harrords in the late 1960's + kept it in his flat in London.
We're in the control room for the first transatlantic Telstar broadcast. And we'll be transported to the 1960's underworld with Karen Hogan
We've the Inheritance Tracks of the kazillion selling author @jodipicoult who did a remarkable Cockney accent when she came in.
Packed show this morning. @revrichardcoles will be joined by the actor and theatre director Richard Wilson. Just don't say the catchphrase.
Morning all, producer Simon here. We're tucked up here in studio, hope you're well? It was chilly out there this morning.
@corfmeister Alas it's not me tomorrow but the man, the legend that is Chris Wilson! I'm back next week. Big hankies - see you soon! x
Hope you can join us?! We'll even have @corfmeister on the controls in continuity!
.....Embassy with @beltrew We're out dancing in Cornwall and we have the Inheritance Tracks of Niamh Cusack + two GREAT pieces of music.
We'll take an emotional journey with a father to Rwanda  +find out why he took his son back there, and discover what happens in the .....
Hello all, producer Simon here. Hope you can tune in tomorrow when @revrichardcoles will be joined by guest star @jconnollybooks
@hayleyunlikely :)
@corfmeister It's Niamh Cusack. And they're REALLY good!!!
RT @Aggerscricket: Rabbit and prawn pie at the new Gilbert Scott restaurant at St Pancras with the lovely Fi Glover. Fab on both counts
Thank you one and all. See you through the week.
And he passes on Jackson Brown singing For A Dancer
The Inheritance Track choices of Mr Iain Banks. He inherits Paul Robeson singing Shenandoah
This is Frank Verge who carried the Olympic Torch back in 1948 when the games came to Britain.
Ladies and gentlemen......Mr John McCarthy.
@Toryscott She's busy right now but I'll let her know!
John McCarthy's just walked into the studio ahead of his Excess Baggage trail - 10am on R4 - here's Constance Halford-Thompson.
@molesworth_1 :)
@corfmeister Ha ha! Didn't NECESSARILY look like a man who was going to get to 91.
@molesworth_1 It's also used as a club drug in smaller doses than it would take to keep Red Rum still :) Hence the whirl.
This is Leland Boyd whose father was the head of the Louisiana branch of the Ku Klux Klan in the 1960's.
A little from the God that is Murray Lachlan Young before we get to the historian Amanda Foreman
Here we go......enjoy!
All the guests are here and Frank has his Olympic torch which is really rather cool.
The mid trail approaches. See you on the other side.
@Toryscott Yikes!! SM Sue would love that!
@corfmeister Get inside that rug thing! He's bringing his torch with him too. Banks's IT's are fab, even if I say so myself! Lovely man
....likes the temperature in here WAY up! Just listening through to the things on tape and waiting for breakfast.
Morning all - special hello to @corfmeister who was up earlier than us! It's very warm in studio C+D today. That would be SM Sue who .....
@laurenlaverne Sorry. Slack of us. Would you do your Inheritance Tracks for the programme? Thanks!
Clearly, as @infograe rightly pointed out, he's not the 'former son of the head of the KKK'. The son of the former head. Etc.
@InfoGrae Good pedantry. I mean point :) Sorry, typing fast on hold.
All that and other stuff from 9am tomorrow. See you then!!
...the Inheritance Tracks of the author Iain Banks. And we'll be talking to a man who carried the Olympic Torch back in 1948.
We have a Sound Sculpture from India, an interview from Dallas with the former son of the head of the Mississippi branch of the KKK and....
Tomorrow's show has the historian Amanda Foreman in the studio with Richard along with the lege that is Murray Lachlan Young on poetry duty
Morning one and all. It's that time of the week where we clog your timelines so apologies in advance. Still nothing from @laurenlaverne BTW
Keep the suggestions for names and places for our new feature "Changing Places coming in  - back next week - have a good weekend !
and he passed on 'It's Such A Little World' by himself and sung by Lee Gibson.
Saxophonist Duncan Lamont choses 'My Kid's A Crooner' by Elsie Carlisle as his inherited track
Mr Gee with his second poem - Family Recipes
On air now: Brian Hutchinson's father, Johnny Hutch, was one of Benny Hill's TV sidekicks but before that had spent his life as an acrobat
To mark the BBC's Doomsday Reloaded project we revisit the site where Gloucester cattle market used to stand.
Leila Knox is in the studio - she is in her late forties and is trying for a baby using a website to match her with a donor
Mr Gee with Blooper Malfunction
On the programme Richard Coles talks to cook and writer Elisabeth Luard, and  Mr Gee takes his first turn as a Saturday Live poet
It's a beautiful morning here at Broadcasting House.  JP Devlin is running the programme today.
Finally, it's Debbie's last day on the show today before 3 months off. She's a star + there's few of them. We'll miss her + you will too.
....a role in the show as does the musician Duncan Lamont who has played with EVERYONE from Astaire to McCartney. Oh + Mr Benn. Join us at 9
....but JP's been out in Gloucestershire. Leila Knox will be in the studio discussing her quest to find the 'right dad'. Benny Hill plays...
@revrichardcoles will be joined by the award winning author, illustrator and food writer, Elisabeth Luard. We have a new feature (unnamed)
Still waiting for @laurenlaverne to reply, viz a viz last week's show but we live in hope. Anyway, onwards to tomorrow.........
Morning pop pickers. It's Eurovision weekend! That has no relevance to this weeks Saturday Live, but hey.
@AnnCKiely  A Saturday Live fan in Texas?
RT @stephenfry: @DiamondMatt The Rev Richard Coles, (ex Communards keyboardist) one of BBC R4's best broadcasters is an R&D fan ... He m ...
RT @Danhawthorn: I love Howard Goodall more than is healthy, but even I know the difference between Poker Face & Bad Romance.
@StubCrouch We're always happy. Reflecting life.
@MustBeTheJanay Glad you enjoyed them
@alsdouble Were you feeling poorly?
@StubCrouch 4 weeks ago it was 19 minutes!
@InfoGrae Boom Boom!
And she passes on a song of her own Goodnight Old World.
And this is Emmylou Harris who was a total treat when she came in. She inherits Blueberry Hill by Fats Domino.
Knockout! @salenagodden is the Champion
This is boxing promoter Miranda Carter.
@iamwesty I shall pass it on to @salenagodden
@simonpjbest I did, sorry! :)
Kath Radford's Sound Sculpture of the Intensive Care Unit.
@GawainEd We'll stick some on the website at the end of the show Gawain.
@DecSop1 Thanks Katy - there's a documentary in Kevin's story I would think!
RT @Gabethevegan: @BBCSaturdayLive.Lovely Start to the show,Shannon's let the music play,Bob Marley, Howard Goddall on Newcastle and the ...
@simonpjbest It was a joke Simon ;)
And one day I'll be able to spell 'imagine' with only one 'M'.
And this is Kevin Arpino from Rootstein Mannequins. As you can immagine given the world he works in, he is fabulously attired.
This is Howard Goodall, football fan, composer, all round nice man.
Here we go!
@MustBeTheJanay she's excited for you Janet!! :)
The trail approaches after the sports news.
@drsimonwoodward Hope you enjoy it Simon!
@salenagodden Morning! See you soon!
Just making some last minute scripty type stuff. You can tweet us through the show and we'll try and get back to you or read out your tweets
Watching @bbcbreakfast with @susannar100 and listening to @r4today Both are covering the sad death of Seve Ballesteros.
Morning all, producer Simon here. Back in studio 50 C+D which is a tad warm. Nigel and John are our studio managers this morning.
See you tomorrow at 9. We have cake in the office so have to run before it all gets eaten (mainly by @revrichardcoles)
We'll be talking fashion for dummies + in the blue corner will be Miranda Carter from the Dept of Transport. Who is also a boxing promoter.
Anyway, tomorrow: @revrichardcoles is joined by composer Howard Goodall and @salenagodden We have the Inheritance Tracks of Emmylou Harris.
......Thursday but he had a sore throat. Much to the disappointment of the entire 7th floor. But he'll be back, somewhere down the road.
It's been a busy week; all around musical leg end Randy Newman was in the office in Wednesday. Barry Manilow was supposed to here on ......
Hey pop pickers! Tweetledum and Tweetledee - that's JP and Debbie - are a touch delicate this morning, so keep the noise down!
@laurenlaverne You can't keep hiding from us Laverne. Come and record your Inheritance Tracks for the show. Please. It's painless. It's fun!
That programme just flew by !! Next week Richard is joined by Howard Goodall  - enjoy the rest of the holiday weekend
The soothing sound of a dishwasher is the sound sculpture of listener Andrew Brooke
On now:Brandon Neely was a guard at Guantanamo Bay who spoke out about conditions at the camp after leaving the U.S. military.
Coming up JP meets kd over a cocktail or two !!
Extreme rambler Mark Thomas !
@RevRichardColes talks to comedian and self-proclaimed libertarian anarchist Mark Thomas - 15 minutes to go
A rare treat on Saturday live this week  !! JP Devlin does a James Bond and sips  cocktails with KD Laing
RT@amywok1 Loved Jo Galloway's story such an inspiring piece @pottijo
@PottiJo Thanks again Jo! Best wishes to you and the family!
@sianbreakfast Thank YOU for being so easy to work with and for doing such a terrific job! Happy Easter + see you soon! S x
RT @sianbreakfast: Thank you to @BBCSaturdayLive team for holding my hand and putting me at ease. Great guests. Lovely start to Easter x
@sueperkins Garlic......Bread......?
@iainmartin1 Glad you're a fan Iain ;)
Thanks for all your tweets. Speak to you in the week!
And @petertatchell and his Inheritance Tracks; Peter chose 'We Shall Overcome' by Joan Baez and 'Imagine' by John Lennon.
Sorry - got a bit hectic towards the end there; I missed telling you about Dawn Evans and her sound sculpture.
