Brian_Fleener
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/2497172275/image_400x400.jpg
@MtGileadChurch very happy for this young man but I'm afraid you have the wrong Brian.
"Winnie the Pooh was loosely based on this booze filled binge I did in Vegas with Sinatra back in the fifties." - Maxmillian de Robespierre
I can't decide if limiting my thoughts to 140 characters is a blessing or a curse.
Corgi bath as it happens! http://t.co/lsIh43eKDU
"Does anyone else miss trying to unscramble cable porn?" - Bertrand Russell
"Nothing says 'epic week in Vegas' like tonsil blisters." - Julia Child
"You haven't lived until you've seen a koala fall out of a tree and bounce off the ground like a pair of tossed dice." - Mahatma Ghandi
"Today's the longest day of the year, lets all point and laugh at the Southern Hemisphere!" - Hedy Lamarr
"If you get your pickup lines from one of those sloth posters...You might live in the Quad Cities." - Pol Pot
Congratulations to Kim Kardashian for giving birth to some directions. What's the over/under on the nickname being 315°?
Comfort is the feeling we experience when we choose to stop growing.
I support the Internet Radio Fairness Act. Join me in taking action for #FairNetRadio by clicking here: http://t.co/GD8sgDZO
The wisest tweet would say nothing at all.
&lt;--- iz acculy dolan. :)
It's sad that the most unbiased news about my government on television is the Daily Show. Thanks for keepin' it real Jon Stewart.
See I'm not a monster. I'm just ahead of the curve.
&gt; 2012

&gt; Wisconsin Dells

&gt;tfw your phone is as fast as a dial up modem.
I still do it for the lulz.
Dear Kris Kross, you never made me 'Jump, Jump." #takethat90smusic
I want to have a garage sale dressed as the Merchant from Resident Evil 4!
I just did 25 minutes of #Walking and earned 135 experience points (XP)! @Nexercise http://t.co/sqDYm9WW
Download @Nexercise (http://t.co/ebaj2XXP) and get rewarded for being active! #fitness #wellness #health
"I don't always eat cake...but when I do...Diabeetus." - David Koresh
"Attempting to get a TV series on Food Network called the Buffet Whisperer. Think of it as Trans Fat Foreplay." - William Taft
"Hacking cell phones for celebrity dirt is too much work. I do it the old fashioned way: Stealing people's underwear." - Lord Byron
Dear America, happy birthday. You've transformed from a promising child to a spoiled adult. I'm sure your folks are proud.
USC stripped of 2004 National Football Title. NCAA establishes itself as leader in sports socialism.
"When will Jesus come back to Earth? As soon as he's done playing Angry Birds I suppose." - Howard Hughes
"This job would be a hell of a lot better if the Popemobile or whatever it's called  had XM or Sirius satellite radio." - John Paul II
"To me, Twitter is like the magazine next to the toilet that no one reads." - Ed Sullivan
"If you or someone you know has been exposed to excessive Facebook drama posts you may be entitled to compensation." - Raymond Burr
"Check out my full frontal scene on the season finale of Hardcastle and McCormick." - Luciano Pavarotti
"Of all the things I've seen and done I would have loved to Rick Roll someone in a movie." - Bruce Lee
"Pants on the ground! Pants on the ground! Lookin' like a fool with your pants on the ground!" - Benjamin Franklin
"Texas Justice is the only justice now cone over here grandma and get your spanking." - Seal
"People never complain when Adriana Lima shows this much skin!" - Chris Farley
"I was manually stimulated by a one armed woman, I gotta say it brings a whole new meaning to doing more with less." - Tom Bosley
"They see me rollin' They hatin' Patrollin' Tryin' to catch me ridin' dirty." - Cleopatra
"I think the real reason I lost the Miss America Pageant was because I had a run in my nylons." - Orville Redenbacher
"The best kind of carb counting is counting on eating a lot of them at every meal! Om nom nom!" - The Cookie Monster
"They pulled Katy Perry from Sesame Street for showing some cleavage. HELLO! Most of those damn Muppets have no clothes at all!" - Tupac
"I had a date with destiny...but she stood me up." - Ted Bundy
"So you gained a little weight over the holidays...So what? You don't see me bitching about my spare tire!" - The Michelin Man
"I feel for those rescuing the miners on Chile, once I got a dime stuck up my nose and that was like a 3 week effort." - Chelsea Clinton
"Cooler weather is just around the corner, and that sucks because I JUST found a pair of daisy dooks that hug just right." - William Taft
"Hobo Chili: Is that before or after it's eaten?" - Hank Williams
"Fear is just weakness' refusal to part ways with your heart." - Me
"Anyone can go Dancing With The Stars but only a champ would go Slumming with the Cougars." - Socrates
"You're in my hood now!" - Disgruntled Elderly Woman at Bishop's (true story!)
"I swear if another big woman hits on me I'm gonna post a sign on my back saying 'I don't wrestle in your weight class!'" - Robert Frost
#hadenough Stickin' to the man by tweeting at work...in front of boss.
"My definition of forecast is what the doctor puts on it when adults are circumcised." - Ho Chi Minh
"The last time I got a piece of ass is when my fingers slipped through the toilet paper!" - Suzanne Sommers
"#yourmomis so toothless that when she smiles it looks like her tongue is in jail." - Walter Payton
"I don't like small cars or big women but somehow I always find myself in them." - Roger Maris
"Any girl that has #penicillin on her top 8 friends on myspace is a keeper in my book." - Tennessee Williams
"I was all ready to sign up for #wifeswap until they told me I couldn't swap her for a fifth of whiskey." - Elizabeth Montgomery
"#yourmomis so stupid, she thought 'Connect Four' was a swingers dating service!" - Rudy Galindo
"Too bad 'Chicks with Shingles' isn't a search criteria on match.com." - Michael Landon
my mom looks like Rambo
"I put my hands up on your hip when I dip you sip we dip." - Andrew Jackson
"Ass, gas, or cash nobody rides for free." - Osama bin Laden
"My original address to The Senate started off like 'You've got two left feet with fucking ugly shoes.'" - Albert Einstein
"I want the lead in the next Cinderella spin off." - Brett Favre
"If shaking my thang to a Pointer Sisters cassette is a bad thing then I'll be the first to impeach my ass right now." - John F. Kennedy
"I turned down judging American Idol because I go a real good gig as a mall Santa this Holiday season." - Meg Ryan
"I'm coo-coo for Cocoa Puffs but I'm obsessed with Soft Core Flicks on Cinemax." - Whatever that damn bird was called
"Catcalls in the locker room make me a saaaaaad panda." - Ines Sainz
"What's these double blind studies I'm always reading about? Are they any fun? I betcha I'd be pretty good at them!" - Hellen Keller
"I'm spotting again and I don't mean seeing things by pointing them out." - John Wayne
"Where's that World Cup octopus? I need that son of a bitch to pick my PowerBall numbers this weekend!" - Kirk Ferentz
"When I die, I hope they make a movie about my life which is narrated by Morgan Freeman." - Paul the Octopus
"My grandma is trying to start a hair band called the Bedpans. She's pissed because she can't mosh with her catheter in." - Tony Blair
"Here's a #healthcare plan for you: Care about your health and you won't need a plan." - Scooby Scooby Doo
"It's hard out here for a pimp." - The Hamburglar
"Does anyone else think the Hampsterdance is a satanic ritual with a techno beat?" - Edgar Allen Poe
"I seceded from Britain because the royal family wouldn't make 'douchebaggery' an official word." - George Washington
"Do you know that guy who hangs out by the women's fitting rooms for no reason? Yeah, I forgot to put that on my resume." - King Henry VIII
"An optimist sees the glass half full, a pessimist sees it half empty, I'm just glad that there's something to drink." - Tinky Winky
"Since we have a Labor Day, we need to establish Unemployment Day where all the lazy asses are forced to work a 24 HR shift." - Walt Disney
"Paris Hilton made headlines again. The news in that: no one really seems to care." - Amelia Earhart
"Weight Watchers Points...high score wins, right?" - Hulk.Hogan
"Life changing event: Watching a horse piss for five minutes straight." - Leonardo DaVinci
"I can never repay @DarikonStar94 for his kindness, but I hope these three legged midgets are a good start." - Gary Busey
"I've fallen, and I can't get up." - Old Woman
"Stop pounding shots at 9am you drunk old bag!" - LifeAlert
"Placing the word 'vaginal' in front of anything just drains it of it's beauty. Come on try it, say 'vaginal rainbow'." - James Dean
"I had a great week: Picked up head lice and going to talk to a class of first graders...I hope the teacher is hot." - Montel Williams
"My entrance into gangsta rap in the 90's wasn't well received...oh well, at least Microsoft Office worked out." - Bill Gates
"Note to self: An Easy Bake Oven makes a terrible toilet." - The Grimace
"I tried to go to rehab and they said 'Hey, wanna do a bump?'" - Rick Moranis
"Peepul that kan't spel reeli annoy mee." - Stephen Hawking
"Being Mexican isn't easy. Every time I slowly roll down a residential neighborhood people are ready to run or hit the dirt."- Julia Roberts
"In everything there's a winner and a loser. That being said when I call someone a loser, I win!" - Barbara Walters
"I've always been curious to think what would happen of the Pillsbury Doughboy got a yeast infection." - Alexander Graham Bell
"The S&P is up 15 points and I've got a hard on that won't go away." - Bob Dole
"I don't know why the call it a happy meal, I'm pissed every time I've gotta drop 5 bucks on those little bastards." - Harrison Ford
"Should I go on the pill, the ring, or the patch? You know how I get with all those extra hormones inside me." - Chester A. Arthur
"I'm ok with Gerard Butler portraying me, but they could have cast Holly Hunter as my wife...I hear that broad is wild." - King Leonidas
"is it acceptable to throw a roll of quarters at a stripper on stage? I mean come on she is getting $10 after all." - John Wayne
"You'll never get me Lucky Charms." - Emanuel Lewis
"I'm currently trying to grow a foot on Farmville to put up your ass for the 500 needless updates I get daily." - Bill Buckner
"When a robot does the robot, is it still the robot?" - Whatever the hell played ALF in the 80's
"Her name was Cedric, she had killer legs and a tuck under and worth every penny." - Wyatt Earp
"To me artists on VH1 are like the nerdy kids who get to sit at the cool table ten years AFTER high school." - Falco
@DarikonStar94 "Braille is for losers, real blind men hit the wall face first." - Rick James
"Sexual harassment is such a strong word - I prefer to call it 'trying really hard to get your digits, girl'." - the Dalai Lama
"This just in...I'm still dead." - James Madison
"Why would I want a gold star in Hollywood? I get one weekly from my mom when I brush my teeth and wash behind my ears." - Tom Arnold
"I lost 45 pounds from getting off my ass and not eating so damn much." - Billy Mays
"They pulled my shoot from 'seventeen' magazine because I wouldn't let them airbrush my natural voluptuous figure." - Troy Aikman
"A recent Dutch Study shows that the Dutch study a lot...recently." - Whoever that really fat guy from 'Lost' is.
"I swear the next time you bastard kids step foot on my lawn there'll be a bear trap waiting for one of your legs!!!" - Ronald McDonald
"I thought bipolar meant an Eskimo that swings both ways." - John Quincy Adams
"Nothing says 'great weekend' like painful green discharge when you pee."  - Mister Rogers
"Attention Wal-Mart Shoppers: Hygiene is NOT a suggestion." - Walt Disney
"There's nothing sexier than back fat. I just melt when it looks like a girl is baking bread from the back of her jeans." - Ted Danson
"When I heard that you can Photoshop your stretch marks I instantly sent my pics back to Playgirl." - Benjamin Franklin
@DarikonStar94 "Is it just me or does that Mogwai from Gremlins look like a singing' roll of toilet paper." - RandcNally
"it's my job to study the curves of supply and demand, but it's my pleasure to study the curves on Cinemax." - Colonel Sanders
"2 wrongs don't make a right, but 2 rights and a left make a damn good jab combination." - Mother Teresa
"Sexting is pretty awesome - involves less foreplay and I can rollover and go to sleep anytime I want." - Santa Claus
"If Ted Kennedy drove off a bridge would you?" - Some Anonymous Mother
"Losing hope in your life is like trying to win on Supermarket Sweep while confined to a wheelchair." - Winston Churchill
"I'm like the Jelly Belly of bad smells." - Philosophical Homeless Guy
"I know a place where you can get away it's called the dance floor and here's what it's for so come on Vogue" - Boris Yeltsin
Might have some golfing weather this weekend after all.
Less than a foot from my first ace ever. Only played 9 today but had a good round nonetheless.
Less than a foot from my first ac ever. Only played 9 today but had a good round nonetheless.
hoping to get 18 in this week minus the lawyer ball.
is in class, trying to get some sleep
: Do you know the tale of how cornmeal was made? Neither did the miller when he left his house that morning.
has tears in my eyes because I just ripped out a couple of hairs.....down there.
is off to the gym, and then dinner.
going to the Airport with my Near East connection...Getting ready to be 100% randomly searched.
is going to breakfast after I brush ma teeth.
is taking applications: +2's welcome, 30K Millis need not apply.
is watchin' Nickelodeon Joonyur with some triptophyn biscuits (for that ass).
