feisty_Leo
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/424626940067074049/0jL13e2J_400x400.jpeg
Enjoying this Texas life forreal
We officially have a Texas address! Yay!!!
In love with our house in Texas already. we settin furniture up and we ain't even there yet. Phink will be attending a great school as well
It's a shame you will let your child miss out on a great father because of your ignorance..
Karaoke at the house with my three kiddies.. Phink, Nico, and Nala 😍😘😂😄🎶🎵🎤
49 days! #Texas
Happy first birthday to my Nala.. love you cakes
Texas bound next month.. can't wait to make this move
So who woke and found out they was the side bitch/nigga today?! Lmao
Got money for war.. but can't feed the poor.. --2pac
Mother nature never loved us.. Remember? .. mother nature neva loved us.. ReMeMber?! She on her worst behavior ctfu
Bitch shut the fuck up wit that sad shit.. ain't nobody love yo ass on the other 364 days either.. so don't be sad on Valentine's day ctfu
Michelle Obama is definitely the baddest first lady EVER!
Can't wait to move to Texas!
Na'Raiyah's first basketball game is tomorrow morning.. it's at 10am.. if anyone wants to come let me know, I'll give you the info :)
She's right.. you can't raise no man.. but.. you can train his ass ctfu
Cuz they don't wanna see you happier than them, and girl you swear they all yo friends, and that's been a problem..
White girls be like "lit the park up halfway and ride him wit my skate boart.. skate boart.. skate boart.. grindin on that rail..
Taylor swift thought they was bout to say RED lmao
Grammy's
you make me laugh when I'm mad.. you make me smile when I'm sad.. and I hate that.. I'm falling higher
Anybody know some good suburbs outside of Dallas?
Is there school tomorrow or what?
I know you think it's funny that yo ex is not a runnin back, but that bitch just keep runnin back..
@ddenglish10 for no reason at all.. I have a lot to say but I'm going to keep it to myself.. I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings lol
@ddenglish10 yep lol
@ddenglish10 yes and there are still ignorant ppl in this world who think this way ughhhh.. I get pissed every time I watch movies like this
@ddenglish10 white ppl did the most tryna keep the black man down smh
anybody watchin this movie on BET?!
can't wait to make this move.. summer ain't comin fast enough.. I'm ready to go.. yesterday
When you see me by myself, don't get it twisted.. I am my team..
There's always that group of ppl who set their race back a few years.. or 20 lmao (every race)
Taco night!!!
Ok ppl I can't hold it anymore! We chose Texassssssss! we will be making a trip there soon to house hunt.. then July it's deuces!
Today will be the last day you are able to wear shorts and tank tops uncolored ppl ctfu
and for anybody else who sayin don't forget you.. my advice is that you just be unforgettable
me and Nic just busted open my karaoke machine I got for Christmas.. we kickin it lol
Lets see how many of yall thirsty ass cigarette smokers be tryna puff a cig in this damn weather lmaooo
I think I just witnessed an accident
Happy new year ppl! 2013 was great to me and my fam.. can't wait for us to bring that greatness into this new year '14..
We finally picked a state.. can't wait to make this move.. no comin back to Ohio this time
So in love with my hair today it ain't even funny.. curls poppin like whoa lol
Damn the Jacuzzi suites in the Radisson Hotel are the shit
Poppin bottles for our anniversary tonight :)
what's a good app to download music off of? #Android
only know you love her when you let her go.. and you let her go..
If they play one more Beyonce song.. but I must say my fav is drunk in love lol
Trivia night tonight at Dave and busters from 7 to 10pm.. we need ppl on our team.. let me know if you're interested
Thanks to everyone that came to Nico's bday party.. he had a blast.. even though he was in there sneakin the cake ctfu
@AtF_1 lmfao you gone be a whole month late ctfu
Come celebrate my big man's 2nd BDAY today @ 5
Changing Nico's bday party to 5 today in hopes the road conditions will be better.. let me know if you comin so I have enough food plz
Happy 2nd birthday to my lil man Nico.. mommy loves you baby
Nico's 2nd bday party will be this Saturday the 14th from 3 to 5pm.. at the house.. please RSVP.. inbox for details
Money on my mind.. you should think the same..
I feel like crap :/
Surgery in the morning.. but at least I get to ride there in style in the challenger and play with my new phone (htc one) while I wait :)
Anybody know where I can get e85 gas from.. for a flex-fuel vehicle?
Smiling ear to ear :)))))))))))) just wanna scream!!!
@ this pre admission testing for my surgery next Monday :/
We've been waiting patiently :)))
Stop texting me I don't know who u r
Ro diggah off 107.9 childish.. they showing love to fast food workers today and she gone play "lovin the crew" by Drake lol
Why BP gas still 3.25 and everybody else is 2.90?
Gas is 2.89 what's really goin on tho..
With my kiddies and nieces for the night.. pizza, wings, and lots of snacks and junk food for us.. they are so spoiled when they wit me &lt;3
Just seen a woman that must be participating in no shave November (Novembeard) she had a full goatee ctfu mustache and all.. O_o
Gas is $2.97.. and ppl don't know how to act
Well would ya look at that.. my Nala is 6 months today lol time just keeps on moving &lt;3
Guess if it doesnt stop raining by 6 my kids will be umbrellas for Halloween ctfu
Just ran my ass down 12 flights of stairs lol
Not really too big on weave.. but I think I wanna try a sew in.. give my hair a break.. hmmm..
This weather is a bunch of trickery..
Just enjoyed some jimmy johns subs with the fam.. and now we smashin some frozen yogurt at menchies &lt;3
I am seeing too many lace front wigs on lil girls here at the I-X center ctfu.. they wrong for that lmao
They ask me how I feel.. I feel good, baby I feel good all over.. you and I have what others dream about &lt;3
Chocolate covered strawberries and a strawberry n cream cheese pie from my sweetie &lt;3 its gonna be a 'sweet' day forreal :))
Damn they got the cotton club locked down on 28th..
So um Yea.. I love my job :))
Just Cried like a damn baby dropping my babies off at daycare for the first time :'(
Nico just pooped and peed in the potty yayyyyyy my big man.. I would put a pic up but that's gross ctfu
@ my orientation for my second job :)
Coyote ugly.. tuna&amp;egg salad.. townhouse buttery rounds.. maybe a can of pinapple slices afterwards.. #mynight
Well since all the kids are napping and Nic went to play bball guess I'll just go play GTA V.. Yea that's where my free time goes lol
Ppl plz figure out info before you start posting things about stuff you know nothing about.. js half of yall look stupid..
The fuck is up with this bi-polar ass weather..
Omg not doin this shit for a while.. ppl don't know how to act.. the ppl we invited were cool, but the ppl they invited to come with them...
Our party is 2maro! Last one was a success, this one will be even better! Inbox for details
Ok I need like 9 braids going to the back of my head.. who wants to help me out?! May even kick you 5 bucks if they decent..
A man locks his keys in the car while at his mistress' house.. he calls his wife instead of the lock smith.. -_- lmfaooo cheap and dumb
Why does it feel so much later than 5..
Just threw a roast in the slow cooker.. it is smelling lovely already.. mm mm mm
Send one of those fucking texts.. "hey its me Casey, I'm not dead in a ditch.. L-O-L, lil bitch on a whale, hash tag yolo" lmaooo
Old ppl never know what gender a baby is.. no matter what they are wearing
Aye kidz bop be havin a hard ass time finding songs in todays music.. shit is ridiculous lmao
Sitting on this enclosed porch of mine with all the Windows open and its feeling lovely!
If you move out of Ohio's ghetto to another state's ghetto and claim you doin big things, go jump off a bridge somewhere..
If our love is tragedy, why are you my remedy? If our love is insanity, why are you my clarity? You are the piece of me I wish I didn't need
Just getting off work omg its cold.. I love it lol now home to my bed for a 30 minute nap.. womp :/
Me and Nic just threw down.. he threw some ribeye steaks on the grill, and I made mac n cheese, green beans, and loaded mashed potatoes..
I want a plate.. who got me?
I can't believe how fast time is going.. Nala is 4 months today.. don't even feel like its been that long..
Party was a success! The kids had fun! Thanks to everyone that came.. it just now ended lol..
Phink's party is going on right now.. where everybody at?
Up bout to get ready to set up for Phink's party.. gotta make sure we ain't on colored folks time today lol
Shed just a couple tears watching Phink walk away to class.. I'm a big baby lol
Phink's theme for her party this Saturday will be monsters university!
Give me reasons to believe.. that you would do the same for me.. and I will do it for you.. &lt;3 P.P.
What's the colors of the shirts that the uniforms for elementary allow? (lorain city school)
Yoooo this shit bangsssss.. I must've been Puerto rican in my past life lmfaooo
Bout to make some pork chops y arroz con gandules.. and mixed veggies.. feel like gettin my Spanish on lol
Guess where I'm at.. work -_- .. just clocked in.. blahhh stupid birthday lol
And did I mention there's more than a dozen of these chocolate covered strawgoodies.. bouta smash over several days lol
I should've went bowling or somethin.. I'm bored.. and its my birthday -_- oh well I'm use to not doin anything.. thanks for din din Hil :)
Welp I'm off to enjoy my night of work
If it ain't real, babies just make things more complicated.. js
Not tryna be a bitch, but.. fuck it.. you don't have to have a baby wit every nigga you fall in like wit damn.. let alone love..
Alright who just got shot at the gas station on tower and oberlin? Smh
Phink's 5th birthday party will be on Aug 31st from 2 to 5 at the house.. any one wit kids welcome.. just let me know if you're coming..
Who knows where I can go to have a wide selection of window treatments that are a fair price? I have 24 windows to dress up!
How come the rappers from the female singing groups keep dying?
Niggas was all up in my snack cabinet last nite -_-
I don't even know why I'm woke.. party went til 5 this mornin..
This is the most fun I had in a while lol we kickin it forreal
Come kick it.. party still goin on.. its goin down.. literally cuz we in the basement lmaooooo
House warming party is 2maro.. starts at 9.. but I want my ladies to come around 6 or 7 so we can eat n talk for a lil.. inbox for details..
"Excuse me sir, where are you taking us?"
"Mexico"
"What's in Mexico?"
"Mexicans" -_- 
Lmfaooo
Geez o Pete my Nala is 3 months old today! Lmao &lt;3
Old apartment all cleaned out.. now to put everything in its place in this big ass house :)
Don't you hate when ppl that got yo number, message you on a social site, and say "text me".. the fuck.. so I just be like "why?" Lmao
I forgot how damn big this hill at cascade park is lol
Lorain is the only city that try to fix all they streets in the same damn time period.. fucking idiots
Biggest hypocrite of the fucking year..
I feel like I'm in competition.. everything I do "I'm trippin".. there's no winnin.. when it comes to you
"I did then what I knew how to do.. Now that I know better, I do better."--Maya A.
Headed to famous Dave's.. got the biggest smile on my face right now lol
Yea, there might have been a time When I would let you slip away.. I wouldn't even try.. But I think you could save my life..
Having fun at splash zone with the fam
I have to be the bitch that I am because you're the asshole that you are..
Someone come over and keep me company..
Watching "this is the end" this shit is hilarious..
First day back to work tonight :) although I am gonna miss my lil chunky baby Nala.. good thing she sleeps through the night already..
I wish I never met you.. at all
Watching the fireworks wit my loves :)
Am I the only person that watches Glee?
My Nala is 2 months old today &lt;3
How you work at a doctor's office but dumb as a box of rocks..
I should probably be helping him pack since we're moving this weekend.. But he looks like he's enjoying it so I don't want to ruin his fun..
"Just a inner city boy from Akron, OH.. I ain't even pose to be here...... I can't worry bout what nobody say about me" --LBJ :)
LBJ GOT HIS 2ND RING! YAY!! MY FUCKIN BRACKET WAS THE SHITTTTTTT! NOW ALL YOU HATERS SUCK A FAT ONE ;)
Even the sun sets in paradise..
I'm used to bein left out.. definitely used to bein 2nd.. it just comes natural to me :)
I HAD THE SPURS AND HEAT GOIN TO GAME 7 ON MY BRACKET.. I don't care how they get there.. HEAT WILL TAKE IT! LOL TEAM LBJ
Lebron said "not tin my house" in his mutumbo voice lmfaooo
When the lights go out and I'm in my bed, I think of all the madness in my head.. all of the things that I did back then..
Time passes so fast.. Nala is a month old today :)
Anyone know where I can get a carpet cleaner from for cheap?
Thought we was bout to be in this theater by ourself to see fast 6 since its Sunday.. I was sadly mistaken lol
Stop the violence tournaments = more violence.. Lmao js nothing changed that's why they stopped em.. ppl was still acting ignorant :/
My Phink is done wit headstart/preschool!! She had her lil bridging/graduation today :) kindergarten for my big girl come august ;)))
I need someone to take Phink to school for me.. any takers?
Officially over..
Tell that girl if you don't love her.. and if you do tell her two times..
I don't know about anyone else, but my NBA bracket is the shit rite now lol
I put him thru hell.. he puts up wit me.. I appreciate him so very much.. you just don't understand what we been thru.. I know we will last
Glad to be home... Now time to relax... No visitors for at least 2 weeks plz
I love getting complimented on my hair.. let's me know I made the right choice by goin natural.. its big and beautiful :)
Had fun at my baby shower! Thank you to the ppl that actually came that said they were comin.. to the others hmph.. I'll save my breath :)
Baby shower today at 3 :)
Baby Shower is Sunday! Hopefully everyone that said they were coming will be there.. to everyone else if you want to come let me know :)
My last nite of work tonite.. can't believe in 10 days our new addition arrives &lt;3
Find me on #Path now! Go to: http://t.co/KXg8VMjUra! #thepersonalnetwork http://t.co/7XtY1fkHyk
Burger king shakes taste like soapy water -_-
Another game night tonight.. starts at 9 let me know if you tryna come.. kids are always welcome, we have a play room..
I've sent some invites to the baby shower.. if I missed you and you would like to come plz let me know.. I will gladly give you the info :)
36 weeks today! I'm officially 9 months.. this has went by so fast.. 21 days left until my c-section :)
I am sooo prego.. I just made a sandwich wit 2 waffles, oven baked turkey, Bacon, and then put some damn syrup on it.. it was great lol
Damn our game nights are epic! Lmfaooo
We're having another game night tonight.. if you want to join us let me know.. starts @ 9.. kids welcome, we have a playroom.. byob(beer) ;)
Made it back safe and sound.. Thanks to my professional driving :)) I miss our family road trips..
Gettin back on the road.. Blahhh back to Lorain..
Worse continental breakfast EVER!! I'm pissed -_-
We made it here safely :))
We out.. We will see our destination in about 3 hours.. Dueces
Just got off work at 7.. Finished packing.. would love to take a nap, but that ain't bout to happen.. Prenatal appt @ 10.. On the road by 1
Ok who wants to see Nico's hair?!
Literally in tears right now.. Just left the barbershop.. Wit a bald son.. He's handsome but I didn't want his curls gone :'(
Road trip this weekend to WV! Yay.. Haven't been on one since we came back to this lame ass city..
Nico is going to get his first hair cut today wit his daddy.. I think I'm gonna need to hold someone's hand :(
House still full.. Still kickin it lol
Game night bout to get started.. If you want to join us let me know.. We goin all night.. Kids welcome!
I am bad, and that's good.. I will never be good, and that's not bad.. There's no one I'd rather be than me.. Wreck it Ralph &lt;3
Think I'm bout to get my tickets ready for the ATL.. Sick of Ohio, bout to join my mom and sis again..
I was like I'm bout to text someone at 2am..I'm lookin at my phone at 159am and the shit turns to 3am.. I was like damn you daylight savings
So it definitely just went from 159am to 3am.. Wtf? Lol
Tell me why we bout to make a Harlem shake video lmao..
Another date night with my hubby.. Tryna get that old thing back.. &lt;3
Where there is desire there is gonna be a flame.. Where there is a flame someone's bound to get burned..
Just started watching identity thief and I'm already lmao.. This shit is hilarious
