ijustelleb
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/378800000832166317/8dddc483afeec55b178963f82856b8c2_400x400.jpeg
Energy draining day😴exhausted much!
RT @GODs_Graces: I will never doubt that God has gotten me though every hard moment in my life.
http://t.co/TrO4quxR47
Happy new year http://t.co/V8BkKSACrI
♥ ~"Seeing people change isn’t what that hurts; What does is Remembering who they used to be and moments shared ” "~ ♥bonsuji
♥ ~"It’s easy to love someone when everything is perfect. The proof of someone’s love is that they still love you when everything is awful.
♥ ~"You can’t make a million friends without getting a few haters. But remember, haters only hate the person they can’t be. "~ ♥
♥ Never change your originality for the sake of others. Because no one can play your role better than you. So be yourself. You are the best.
♥ ~"Whenever you feel weak, remember those who made you strong Whenever you start to doubt yourself, remember those who believe in you.
Don't be so bitter about a bad experience from your past that you miss the opportunities in front of you.
~"Missing someone is a part of loving them. If you’re never apart, you’ll never really know how strong your love is. "~ ♥
RT @GODs_Graces: God, I trust you with all of my heart. Wherever you want me to go, I will go. Even if it's not where I planned. Lead me &amp; …
@GODs_Graces
Life is like an open book. We always turn to new pages and grow into new chapters, but we always hope that we all get a happy ending.” "~ ♥
When you truly love someone, you don’t judge them by their past. You leave it there. Just be happy that their future is with you.
Nothing last forever#Bonsuji#
Missing you is my hobby, caring for you is my job, make you happy is my duty and loving you is my life💖💕💘💗
Music is a splendid thing. It can cheer u  up when you’re sad, make u dance like a fool, and allow u to drown out the world when u need to.
Gracefully let go of things/someone who is not meant for you!
U can spend ur life trying to accomplish ur dream for others, but at the end of the day,U need to realize dat U owe it 2 urself 2 succeed.
You can spend your life trying to accomplish your dream for others, but at the end of the day, you need to realize that you owe it 2 urself
Even thou weve been hurt we must Find A wAy 2get thru it lyf goes on weder  we wnt it oR not.D woRld keeps turning no mAtter how bad we feel
Stay safe people... KEep warm! God bless us all!
OM JESUS OMNIPOTENT  THE ALL POWERFUL GOD OM JESUS OMNISCIENT THE  ALL KNOWING GOD OM JESUS OMNIPRESENT GOD IS EVERYWHERE
Stress level is upto 16th floor or higher than  Seibu Tower and I'm ready to jump anytime!
Will NCMH will accomodate me when I completEly breakdown? Or do I have a place in heaven if I give up life,
My negative thoughts and feelings whiCh was  accumulated over the years is already full blown sign now of my depression ,
If U don’t go after wat U want, U’ll never hve it.If U don’t ask, d answer is always no.If U don’t step 4ward,you’re always in d same place.
Everyone says that love hurts, but that's not true. Loneliness hurts, rejection hurts and losing someone hurts.
Everyone confuses these things with love, but in reality love is the only thing that heals all these things &amp; makes us feel wonderful again
http://t.co/shjsPV5De4
http://t.co/9feZqCeJ8H
http://t.co/aJpXLOUE1q
The best relationships are the ones you didn't expect to be in and the ones you never even saw coming.
RT @GODs_Graces: Disappointments were not meant to destroy you. They were meant to strengthen you &amp; give you fortitude to accomplish your G…
When you have a problem, just look Up. God is always there for you. All you have to do is ask, and you shall receive.
Just because you don't see anything happening, doesn't mean that God isn't working. The moment we pray, God sets the miracle into motion.
Never let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present
But now, O Lord, I see my wrong
Heal my heart and show Yourself strong;
And in my eyes and with my song
O Lord, be magnified
I have made You too small in my eyes
O Lord, forgive me;
I have believed in a lie
That You were unable to help me.
When prayers go up, Blessings come down. Keep God first
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you lost.”
I love the way you kiss me on my cheek yet so softly, so I want you to know, I want you to be the last boy I kiss.”
http://t.co/mRXcqYLU03
http://t.co/y0kBjp3pfp
RT @Notebook: I promise I will never forget the day we kissed or met. The sky may fall and the stars may too, but in the end I will still l…
http://t.co/16Ag0Y2aoa
http://t.co/wFaczmd4vG
http://t.co/iLYYXrwBo6
RT @JoyceMeyer: "All things work together and are fitting into a plan for good to those who love God and are called according to His purpos…
A prayer by the current incarnation of Tulku Drakpa Gyeltsen http://t.co/bn64o2zceA
“@Flirtionship: I'm not mad, I'm disappointed. I'm not crying, I'm wondering. I'm not falling, I'm wishing. If only you understood.”
What you make of yourself &amp; your  future is no longer tied to them Yeah you may miss them. But remember  that U weren't the one that gave up
When  someone walks out of your life, let them. There's no use in wasting  your time on people that leave you.
Do not waste time for People who don't have time for you.
Seek out people who  are supportive and wise and loving and honest. They will help you on  your journey.
There are people who can help you navigate your way through the world.  They can assist you in your healing and your growth.
@ijustelleb wala lang emote mode lang heehee
♥  ~"When everything breaks down and I feel like giving up, I wish I’d had  one more hug from you to give me protection and strength.  ♥
Giving up.... really hands up!!!
alive, to heal their broken hearts and keep them open to face another  day because life will move on and the sun will shine again.
So  many hearts are hurting today thinking of a lost loved one.I pray God  will help each &amp; everyone 2 find a way 2 keep the sweet memories
RT @Oprah_World: Bitterness is like drinking poison &amp; waiting for the other person to die. -Steve Ostten
RT @Notebook: That feeling when you're expecting text, and you keep thinking your phone is vibrating in your pocket when it's not.
Sometimes it’s not the song that makes you emotional, it’s the people and thing that come to your mind when you hear it..
A good woman doesn't want perfect, she wants honesty and someone who is man enough to realize that she deserves the truth.
No 1 falls in love by choice it is by chance No one stays in love by chance it is by work. No 1 falls out of love by chance,it is by  choice
to the Fort, Lets do business.. Thank you God for all the blessings! Lets Go Lord, gogogo
Love pays attention to how things  are said. Logic leads to debate. Love leads to communion. Practice love  to be closer to God.
.Love is generative, compassionate, embracing all creation. Logic  pays attention to what is being said.
love is the opposite of logic Logic is argumentative,  aggressive upon the mind, splits the world into right and wrong, us and  them.
Acting in anger never helps, As time passes, D reason for UR anger will fade. But D things U do in anger will stay w/ U forever as regrets.
http://t.co/QAwGzifNtg
Working through the problem is often  easier than you think. The first step is always the hardest.
you have to face problems however difficult they are. Having the bravery to face your  difficulties is the hardest step,
Yesterday is a thing of the past.
Do not be hard on yourself about things you cannot change. The past is past and it's time to move on.
It’s  normal to miss someone when you’re alone and lonely. But missing  someone when you’re busy having fun, that’s true affection
Distance between two hearts is not an obstacle; rather a beautiful reminder of just how strong true love can be…
The person U love most has D best capacity to make U the  happiest person In the world &amp; may give U the worst heartache U can never imagine
The person you love most has the best capacity to make U d happiest person In d world &amp; may give you the worst heartache U can never imagine
I always toutt of loving sum1 is  gr8est feeling but realize dat loving a frend is even better, we lose people we love we nver lose a  frend
never question the friendship. Value your true friends… "
They love you for who you are. They back you in all you do. A  true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you
A true friend doesn’t care when you’re broke,what you weigh,if your house is a mess,about your past,or if your family is filled with crazies
We make a Living by what we get, We make a Life by what we give.
GROWING OLDER IS MANDATORY. GROWING UP IS  OPTIONAL.
Never ignore a person who loves U cares 4U &amp; misses U Bcuz 1day U might wake up frm Ur sleep&amp;realize dat U lost  moon while counting d stars
I hate the feeling of missing you!  May my weak heart forget you soon..
At times, people need 2 fight for U. If they don’t, U just have 2 move on and realize wat U give dem was more dan dey were willing to give U
Love is worth fighting for but sometimes you can’t be the only one fighting.
Find someone who isn’t afraid to admit that they miss you. Someone who knows you’re not perfect, but treats you as if you are. "~ ♥
Anyone can come into your life&amp;say how much they love you It takes someone  really especial to stay in your life&amp;show how much they love you
I won’t force myself to have space in your life because if you know my worth, you’ll create one for me.
Sometimes you have to Shut Up, swallow your Pride and Accept that you’re Wrong. It’s not Giving Up.It’s called Growing Up.
Hurting Someone who really cares for you is as easy as throwing stone in the Lake. But you don’t know how deep that stone goes
Der are no wrongs dat God cant make right U've been hurt or maybe U hurt sum1 else. God can fix it. Der is no wrong dat God cant make right.
The voice of God is best heard in silence All too often loud events and  daily busyness cloud your vision of God.Take some time to slow down
♥ ~"True love is when you want to live with someone, loving their bad sides and trying to make them better. ~Unknown.."~ ♥ .
Life is a journey, be sure to tell your fellow travelers how  much you appreciate their company.
Tell those you love that you  cherish your time together and look forward to sharing more life  together.
Today is the day to tell friends you care for them. Life is short and  your time with individuals is limited..
It  takes forever to say goodbye. Moving on is easy, but what you leave  behind Is what makes it hard.
"The  hardest part of dreaming about someone you love, is waking up to see  that person gone. You know it, it it takes seconds to say hello
F wat U see by D eye doesn’t please U,den close UR eyes&amp; see from D heart. Bcuz D heart can see beauty&amp; love more dan D eyes can ever wonder
I hate the feeling U get when you're trying UR hardest not to cry infront of someone, but as soon as they ask U are you ok? U just lose it
EGO" is the only Requirement to destroy any Relationship... so be the Bigger Person skip the "E" and let it "GO"
May your troubles be less and your blessing be more and nothing but happiness come through your door..
Everytime you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.”
The KEY to any long term relationship is for both of U 2 NEVER EVER be angry at the same time Take turns forgiving and keep your LOVE strong
If its meant for you, You wont have to beg for it. You will never have to sacrifice your dignity for your destiny....
The ones who love you will never leave you because even if there are hundred of reasons to give up, they will find one reason to hold on...
I hope one day my weak heart will forget you!
Love me or hate me both are in my favor ,If you love me I'll always be at your heart,if you hate me i'll always be in your mind...
Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because its hard for you to understand them...
♥ ~"One of the best feelings… in the world is when you hug someone you love, and they hug you back even tighter. "~ ♥
Friendship means understanding, not agreement. It means forgiveness, not forgetting. It means the memories last, even if the contact is lost
♥ ~"Love is missing someone whenever you’re apart, but somehow feeling warm inside because you’re close in heart. "~ ♥
A cold heart is a heart that has never experienced the fire of true love. Love is a necessity. Without love we would be zombies. "~ ♥
I get the best feeling in the world when you say “Hi” or smile at me, because I know that even for a second that I've crossed your mind.”
I won"t force myself to have a space in your life...because if you really know my worth...
YOU'LL make one for me..&lt;3
Whenever you wish to change yourself, but find it difficult, start like the children do by pretending that you already are.
I miss the way you used to hug me,I miss the way you used to kiss my lips,but most of all I miss the way you held me &amp; my heart. I miss you.
Evryting in lyf is tmporary, if things R going gud,enjoy it bcuz it wont lst 4ever &amp; if things R going bad,dnt wori it cant lst 4evr either.
Push those doubts out of your mind and do it now, image ypurself to what you want to be and  achieve your goals positively
I believe that I am always divinely guided.I believe dat God will make a way where there is no way
Nobody is the BEST at everything.but image yourself as the best of something
Good things, abundant things, astonishing things, what you image can really happen #Norman Vincent Peale #Positive Imaging
Blessed Sunday tweeples, let's thank the Lord for all the blessings! God bless!
@sherrylalafriz  hi she.. nice to see you here..
Ơ̴̴͡.̮Ơ̴̴̴͡∮∼∽∞♡̷̷̷̷̷̷̷♡̷̴̬̩̃̊♥̸̨♡̨̐♡There's is no night without dawn, Ơ̴̴͡.̮Ơ̴̴̴͡∮∼∽∞♡̷̷̷̷̷̷̷♡̷̴̬̩̃̊♥̸̨♡̨̐♡
RT @WomenOfHistory: Life is about laughing &amp; living, in good &amp; bad times. Getting through whatever comes our way &amp; looking b ...
RT @Like_likes: It takes guts to fall in love, but it takes nerve to go back to the one who broke you.
It’s hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone, when your heart still does… how can I live without you? #qoutes and blog
Why waste your time getting hurt over &amp; over by the same person when there’s someone else out there that’s better waiting to make you smile
When someone likes you... they'll text you a lot, stay up every night with you, compliment you, and always have time for you.
The KEY to any long term relationship is for both of you to NEVER EVER be angry @ D same time.Take turns forgiving and keep your LOVE strong
♥ ~"Love yourself more than loving others, because lot of time you have to live with yourself only…. "~ ♥
Its raining... Missing you more.. I can't get over you!
Aitakute... Hmmm shin chan daisuki! ♡♡̨̐♡̷̴̬̩̃̊♡̷̴̬̩̃̊
Instead of wiping away your tears, WIPE away the people who made you cry!
Be thankful in all circumstances, for this is God's will for you who belong to Christ Jesus #Matthew 20:28
I will serve you because I love you! Thank God for this day! Be with me God, direct and guide my way and please be with me. Thank you Yahweh
Love me or hate me both are in my favor ,If you love me I'll always be at your heart,if you hate me i'll always be in your mind....
Nasaan ng pangako mo nuong sinusuyo ako anong. tamis anong lambing binibigkas ng labi mo #lalalalalalala
Happy ending is just moving on!!!
Maybe a happy ending doesn't include a guy, maybe its U on ur own,picking up the pieces and starting over freing urself up for better.
♥ ~"The most painful goodbyes are the ones that are never said and never explained. "~ ♥
Thank God for this wonderful day! Thank you for all the blessings. Goodnight tweeples!
♥ ~"Don’t place your happiness in someone elses hands, because once they’re gone, so is your happiness. "~ ♥
Oh God, let this pain go away. Its really painful. :((((
Love is when one person knows all of your secrets... your deepest, darkest, most dreadful secrets of which no one else in the world knows..
Love is never abt how often you talk or how often you meet its all abt how well you read &amp; understand each other’s heart,in absence of words
I never give up on you! You must know that whatever the situation, I will stay with you. I will be with you at your worst. Love you!
Preoccupied thinking of you! God I miss you so much!
~"If you carry bricks from your past relationship(s) to the new one you will build the same house. Not good build a new house"~ ♥
It takes two to tango,..#kainis na feelings toh. Dyaski#aisus
SHin chan ~"I love you not because you give me what I need. I love you because you give me things I thought I never needed. "~ ♥
Somewhere there’s someone who dreams of your smile, And finds in your presence that life is worth while Somebody, somewhere is thinking of U
Once when U feel UR avoided by sum1,Never disturb dem again. Bcus D one hu thinks U R  disturbing dem will nver Know How much U Care for dem
What to do now... Don't rely your future to man but rely to GOD's divine provision, wisdom and protection.
RT @Godstagram: I ask God to help me find some peace in my life. When there is too much going on, sometimes we need a little help from a ...
RT @Godstagram: God puts people in your life for a reason, and removes them from your life for a better reason.
RT @Notebook: Sometimes we don’t understand why we are waiting. Often it is because God has something great in store, it’s just not the  ...
What happens when two people from different backgrounds meet, even though they hate each other, and fall completely in love?
Shin chan daisuki!
I used to read his mind, I still do the same.
I want to be with you just like the day we first met.
Always expect miracles even the very impossible, for God nothing is impossible
I am a good shephered I know my sheep and my sheep knows my voice says the Lord!
Be wise as serpent be gentle and understanding as dove
"Be thankful in all circumstances, for this is God’s will for you who belong to Christ Jesus." 1 Thessalonians 5:18.
You'll never really understand the magic of love until your heart has skipped a beat over it
RT @Notebook: Sometimes people put up walls, not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
The Lord is my shepherd I shall not want He maketh me to lie down in green pastures.....
Father God I want to tell you many things. But the most important thing I want to tell you now is I LOVE YOU!
~"“It’s always nice to have someone in your life that makes you smile even when they’re not around.. ” "~ ♥ .
♥ ~"“The strength of a man isn’t seen in the power of his arms. It’s seen in the love with which he EMBRACES you. ” "~ ♥ .
♡̬̩̃̊♥̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̨̨̨̨̨̨̨͡☀̤̣̈̇God♡Bless♡U☀̤̣̈̇♥̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̨̨̨̨̨̨̨͡♡̬̩̃̊
RT @Godstagram: Dear God, I don't know where you're taking me, but I know I'm going there for a purpose.
RT @Godstagram: Dear Past, thank you for your lessons. Dear Future, I'm Ready. Dear God, Thank you for giving me another chance.
Off to church! Blessed sunday everyone! Continue to be a blessing,
Don't ever let people make you think you are not worth anything! You are God's creation and He has a purpose, a plan, and a will for you.
What's for dinner folks... Paksiw na bangus, pwede na pang stomach filler. Thank you God for the simple meal.
♥Always welcome a new day with a Smile on your Lips, Love in your Heart &amp; Good thoughts in your mind &amp;  you'll always have a Wonderful day♥
Love isn't abt feelings,it is abt commitment&amp; being der for D other person no matter wat happens. It's putting dem first before ur own needs
RT @Godstagram: No sense in stressing myself over life's little problems when I know God always has my back.
RT @Godstagram: Kneel before God and you'll be able to stand before anyone.
http://t.co/mAnoGmDx
RT @Godstagram: With God on my side, anything is possible.
♥ ~"Real love is a person who sticks with you till the end no matter how many trials they have to endure!."~ ♥ .
Sumtyms its better to hve ur heart broken once by walking away than 2hve it break evry day 2 stay wishing they wud only love U as U do dem♥
The best feeling comes when you realize that you’re perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed most….
♥Love isn't about feelings,its abt commitment &amp; being der for D other person no matter wat happens.It's putting them first b4 UR own needs♥
Respect the people who find time for you in their busy schedules. But love those who never look at their schedules when you need them.
RT @Notebook: I never felt true love until I was with you, and I never felt true sadness until you left me.
I love you..... http://t.co/Fa7Pfx47
Take off all your envies,jealousies,unforgiveness,selfishness and fears. And you will find things are actually not as difficult as you think
RT @Notebook: I don't want a perfect person. I just want someone to act silly with and treats me well.
