alexmjudge
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/899950667/93a3be0e-43b9-4ff2-a4a0-0a42cf548cd8_400x400.png
In the times when it looks like restoration and healing are impossible, it's then that we are most able to see God's might and love at work.
Let us hold unswervingly to the hope we profess, for he who promised is faithful.
"Restore" by Chris August
Cool track! Check it out and share it! #theworldislistening http://t.co/fstH0Lu8N8
Sorry about the "Lose Fat" DM. My account got hacked...
Love stoops.
2 Timothy 1:7-14 is some good stuff. It is my prayer for this summer for sure.
Sat at a table next to Tyler James at P.F. Changs tonight!
Just got another gift movie from Flixster!! http://t.co/Vv3UhYxR
Last day of classes. Here we go...
this train needs to figure out a better way to exist. It literally stopped on a busy road during rush hour for the fifth time in a month...
Had a good prayer circle with me and @Rcberryjr.
I love @alyssasease.
Come on, brain. Let me go to sleep!
I definitely have 71 unread texts on my phone right now that my broken touch screen will not let me read....
Doing jumping jacks while wearing a hat with a spinny thing on top!
These freaking allergies are starting to feel like something a little more... Bleh.
Workout fail day 3... grr.
Meow! I miss you too. I wish you couldve come! Leading can be so terrifying!
On the road to Indianapolis!
I'm fairly certain my dislexia is literaly the sole cause for the difference between an 'A' and a 'D' on my accounting exam...
''People don't resist change, they resist being changed.''
Just went to a movie that I had only read a two sentence synopsis for. Turns out that it's a silent movie. 2 hours of silent movie...
West Virginia bound!
Only 19 days of class left before summer break!
''The place God calls us is that place where the world's deep hunger and our deep passions meet.''
About to do some limits in calc...
''Safety is not found in the absence of danger, but in the presence of Jesus.''
@alyssasease early morning? Ha.
Good morning, Friday. You arrived earlier than we agreed...
@flyingguitarman sweet! i found someone who has them, but apparently the return of the king is scratched. you should definitely come!
Anyone have all 3 Lord of the Rings movie that I could borrow for Friday?
Blonde moment of the day: Started to use my fingers to unclog the paper shredder blades... Then remembered to unplug it. #dumbstuffido
If you haven't already, download this EP! http://t.co/PlsnnsqN. If you have, then SHARE IT with everyone!
At the station about to start the interview for Alyssa! http://t.co/5gcu3ouu or if you're in Bellvue, it's 107.1
In case you haven't heard, you should go to http://t.co/PlsnnsqN. Download her new ep for free! It's sooo good!
RT @omgthatspunny: Meetings - where we take minutes and waste hours. #punny
Just finished my first accounting exam in about 8 minutes. #feelinglikeabeast
Not doing so well on punctuality this semester...
My ears are ringing already. @augustburnsred Let's get it on!
''Why do I worry? Why do I freak out? God knows what I need.''
Who's brilliant idea is it to schedule a train to come through downtown nashville right smack in the middle of rush hour?
Come on, Denver... You can do better.
'Youve hidden yourself long enough.
Open up, receive my love poured out for you. 
I desire to see your heart renewed,
But its up to you.'
@EmoryColvin I am so jealous you get to go see the Civil Wars! Ahh! :)
@LaurenJudge35 Hello! You got twitter to tweet? :)
Bloody lips and noses and bruised abdominals. Boxing is pretty sick! Haha
''Waking up is the hardest part.''
@flyingguitarman they are going pretty well! im stoked to be getting back into a routine.
Goodnight moon. Goodnight spoon.
"If Christ isn't on my breath, then I don't want to breathe any more."
Anyone want to maybe go see the new Sherlock Holmes movie soon?
It was a good, full day of snowboarding, but I am ready to sit by the fire with hot cocoa and an old time movie.
Christmas is already over? When did it get here?
@torimyers me too! and im tweeeting! haha
Late night conversations are the best!
@EmoryColvin Thanks, Emory! Just got here!
I-65 will be my home for the next 5 hours.
Probably time for bed. Tomorrow, gotta pack, go climbing, and make the drive to Indy in time for dinner!
@emorycolvin Not yet! I'm leaving tomorrow morning! This Nashville downpour is just a bit crazy!
First day of Christmas vacation and it is pouring down rain. So wrong.
Long day... Looking forward to hitting the hay. Yes. I just intentionally rhymed.
@alyssasease How did you get franklin into a mason jar?! Haha
I hate when people blame others for their own lack of being clear...
Sleeeeeeeping iiiiiiiin! So bitter sweet. I love it, and I hate it.
Be thou my vision.
@angelakappus yay! so excited!
@courthaddock that sounds so legitimate!
First bouldering competition ever in the books. Beasted it!
''Now we have received...the Spirit who is of God, thay we might know the things that have been freely given to us by God.'' 1 Cor. 2:12
Another day of high priority tasks at work: counting the number of downspouts on a building...
@alyssasease jealous. I have just as full a day as usual to follow my final day of finals... Bleh.
I LOVE when people have dreams they are willing to work and fight for!!! I just want to spend my life helping them get there!
(Insert raspberry sound here)
Doooooooooooooone!
@alyssasease ;)
I should not have eaten that milk shake... Bleh.....
Christmas is coming way too quickly...
Men, if you want to be the knight in shining armour for that princess, you're going to have to actually put on your armour. Ephesians 6: ...
''Don't trade our love for tea and sympathy'' - @jarsofclay
Laundry wouldn't be so frustrating if my clothes actually dried...
Fastest exam EVER! Finished 50 questions in 8 minutes...
"I Love You, Samantha" by Bing Crosby & Louis Armstrong
Christmas music just has a tendency to make everything all better! Especially when it's @mattwertz.
5:19 by Matt Wertz
Late for work the second time in a week. This has got to stop!
Anyone interested in a Christmas movie at 9? It'd be a great study break!
Suited up in my neon green headed to the 5k.
@alyssasease man, starting your evening late huh? haha
Hitting up Climb Nash around 1:30 today. Anyone want to join?
Been a weird couple of days. Can things please get back to a norm soon?
The Civil Wars on the Late Show and Needtobreathe on the Late Late Show?? Best night of TV EVER!!!!!!!!!!
@bojennings sweet man! im stoked!
Ben Rector & Matt Wertz a week from today! Woot!
Either we have really thin walls or someone is a loud snorer.. Haha @rcberryjr
RT @switchfoot: Want 2 FREE tix to @Switchfoot at @canneryballroom on 12/7 ?? RT this msg for your chance to win! http://t.co/IxarHmxJ # ...
Ahh! It's trying to snow!
Oh Franklin...
''It's crazy how this life unfolds. And it's crazy how much time will show.''
My freshly washed blankets smell like Era laundry detergent. Best ever!
"Are you willing to wait as my soul aches? My soul aches for rest."
Homeward bound in just about six hours!
Going to hit up the new boulder problems at Climb Nashville! Oh yes.
It's Friday! Time to begin this final season of Lost!
Getting to do some more professional creeping today for work... Haha
Woke up at 7 this morning and felt like i got to sleep in. Something is wrong with my life...
''Whatever You're Doing'' by Sanctus Real
@rodpitts No you're awesome!!
God of the restless, send your peace
God of the worried, the worn out and weak
Here in the stillness won't you speak
''Whatever it Takes'' by Lifehouse
Proverbs 4:23
3 hours of sleep is not quite enough...
Nashville traffic amazes me. How is evening rush hour into the city nearly stand still and out of the city is perfectly fine? Wow...
Answered the phone today and it was John Cooper from Skillet... Haha
''We're born to love, we're born to pain, the price for our mistakes.'' oh needtobreathe...
''It's been a month and a day today...''
I miss the days when I could be excited about being sick...
I just downloaded the new The Ember Days http://t.co/3jrMMUWQ
''Am I keeping you from life, or am I keeping you alive?'' -Mainstay
''We Can Be Renewed'' by the Glorious Unseen.
God loves us enough to let us hurt like heck when it will ultimately save our soul.
@biancapastrana i know right? and she said yes. he drove down this am from michigan! craziness...
Today we ended class by witnessing a surprise wedding proposal...
God didn't save the day until after Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego were in the fire or until Jesus was already dead and buried.
Trying to decide whether donating plasma will actually be worth it...
Proverbs 28:13
Gonna be washing mud out of random places for weeks! Mud wrestling for the win...
Notes From Toad Hall just when I needed them.
''Embracing the Call'' by the Glorious Unseen. Exactly what I needed to hear.
On the road again.
I hate this stupid car.
I love you too, @alyssasease!
Only 7 more days of classes til summer! Boo-yeah.
Today, a bird pooped on my head. For serious.
@rodpitts It's some serious stuff, yo.
Psalm 51
It IS a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
Just lost all of my phone contacts... Great. Shoot me your info when you get a chance please. #fb
When it snows, it snows...
Dang. Just realized I have to work through the Super Bowl...
Looking forward to the release of @rcberryjr 's four song demo release February 12!
God does not take sides, he takes over.
Coffee in one hand, music in the other. I'd like to do this for the rest of my life!
Stuff is fairly well organized. Now sleeeep!
I cannot find my wallet! Ahhhh!!!
Good way to wrap up the semester!
@Alyssasease i love you too!! Soo much. Yes.
Just epically failed my exam....
I might say America is no longer rule of the majority, but rather rule of the outspoken...
I need to make up my mind about what i want to do...
It is legitimately snowing! Awesome!!!
I just want to say, I have the best girlfriend ever! I love you, @alyssasease!
Tried to say 'have a good time' and then changed to 'have fun.' it came out 'you guys have good!'
Ready for finals? Oh, yes.
I want to dance with my girlfriend right now cause she is the most pertiest girl in the world! i normally dont dNce but i need to right now!
I love dinosaurs and pink nail polish and unicorns and the ohio state buckeyes and my girlfriend and chaco sandals and hot weather and love.
Feeling kind of sick to my stomache...
So do not worry about tomorrow; for tomorrow will care for itself. Matthew 6:34
Labels are now releasing original songwriter demos of famous songs on iTunes... Interesting.
And... I got locked out of my 8am class because i was a few seconds late.. Great.
Still need to find one more class to take... Ugh.
I have a strong dislike for warm toilet seats...
Having issues sleeping...
Walk in the Spirit and you will not gratify the lusts of the flesh. #fb
Shorts and a short sleeved shirt. I love this weather!
Listening to the new Brooke Fraser album, "Flags." Pretty good stuff!
I hate professors that think their class is the only one that matters...
Hey @alyssasease, i like you a lot!
I love a college where the weekend of an AES convention is basically a holiday! Haha
I set my backpack down and no more than 10 minutes later, it's covered in random spider webs! Ahh!
About to take a test that I only got to study literally three minutes for...
For some reason that physics class always makes my day!
I hate how growing up makes you dread power outages, weather cancellations, and sick days. Ugh.
@alyssasease is the mouse's whiskers!
Just realized I forgot to do an assignment for yesterday...
It is an absolutely gorgeous day outside!
Fail. I carried my umbrella around all day and now it rains.
Strike that, i really did forget something and now i am in a rush...
I find it funny that i was in a rush to get to class and then saw my prof just now pulling into the parking lot. Im not in a rush anymore.
Music Business stuff is really starting to peak my interest!
God does not give you strength. He, himself, IS your strength.
There is a great irony. You are only useful once you realize you are useless.
Just listened to the Newsboys Christmas album coming out October 12! Very... different.
Not to mention that I lost my car...
Running late again. I should just schedule everything 15 minutes ahead...
@Alyssasease ticket him!
I feel like the white bunny in 'Alice in Wonderland'...
Minus the cloudiness, I am in love with this weather!
Elevators here at Belmont are dumb.
So my computer decides to randomly shut down and I lose a page of my paper. Then the sites for my sources decide they are not going to work.
We are saved from death by the Jesus' work on the cross. We are saved into life because of the empty grave.
At Soundcheck for MixNashville the rest of the day!
Today I met an awesome guy from Kenya!
I love soccer in the pouring rain! Except for the laundry afterwards... Gross.
Waking up tomorrow will be interesting. And i neeed to do laundry...
I love you a super lot too, @alyssasease! :)
Finally getting my bank accounts changed!
Jamming to T-Swift with the roomie and looking for my misplaced wallet...
I need to make a guitar center run soon!
''To whom much is gven, much is required.''
Happy hump day... Three days until a long weekend.
My goal for tonight: bed by 10:30.
Last scheduled event of the day!
Bring it on.
This Nashville humidity is killing me!
NASHVILLE!!!!
I Am Terrified. 

Awesome band.
''There Will Be a Day'' by Jeremy Camp
Excited about my ever nearing trip to Nashville!
"Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see."
Amazing weather for camping and kayaking..................
Due to a slight detour, I am currently 6 miles outside of Louisville...
Leaving for camping here in about an hour! 14 miles of kayaking tomorrow morning!
List of people I got/get to see today: TJ, Duder, and Justin! Tomorrow: Patrick and Tom!
Helping my sister take school less seriously so she won't kill herself. That I can do... Haha
Made kayak and campground reservations today! Prepping for 14 hours on the river Saturday!
T-minus 4 days until I see @alyssasease!
@torimyers awesome! it'll be great!
A little nervous for Sunday...
Acquiring some pretty sweet violin skills... hahaha
I always eat so much food when I am home!
Getting some new tires put on my vehicle. Had a good time catching up with an old friend and looking forward to a soccer game tonight!
@emorycolvin i get back to nashville on sunday! we may need to find a time for lunch or coffee or something and catch up!
''Safe to Land'' by Jars of Clay. Great song.
I'm on my way back home but don't wait up for me. It just takes me a little bit longer than you might like.
I have not changed out of my PJ's at all today. Pretty awesome.
Looking forward to catching up with @torimyers tomorrow, tj roche thursday, and patrick on friday!
"The Scenic Route" by Jars of Clay #fb
I feel like not getting up all day...
Philippians 3:13-14 #fb
I think it's time to read some bible.
I don't know what I'm doing half the time...
Talking to the roommate. Oh, Daniel... haha
@courtkansas nope! i just got my book today and its been fun going through it! i am a physics nerd... haha
Landed safely in Indianapolis. Almost done traveling for today...
Stuck for a bit longer... Got a mechanic working on something else. Great.
About to get my fly on to indy i a few minutes. Telephone is going off.
Mechanics are checking a problem with the brakes on the plane I'm about to fly in... Comforting.
Just landed in Minnesota. Got to see the sun rise from the airplane. Pretty sweet!
Sitting on the plane! Ready to get this show on the road. Headed to Minneapolis first.
Hello security checks...
On the way to Albuqurque to catch a flight! Then on to Indianapolis.
T-minus 4 hours.
''My Struggle'' by Seventh Day Slumber
@courtkansas i will look forward to that for sure! and no. my science for this semester is physics! which im greatly looking forward to!
Just finished my last meal at Glorieta... #fb
Watching Major Payne! Love this movie!
@alyssasease i love you. and i miss you. and i cant wait to see you.
@courtkansas I move in on the 22nd! Starbucks or something at some point?
Philippians 4:6-7 #fb
OFFICIALLY DONE WORKING AT GLORIETA!!
''Poison and Wine'' by the Civil Wars
Last day of work.
Uncertainty is certainly a good way for God to redirect our focus. #fb
Clean shaven face feels weird...
Feeling like an idiot...
Last load of laundry in new mexico!
God never said following him would be the easy thing, but he did say he would be our strength. #fb
Not an easy night to sleep...
A group brought a zorb! Sweet!
Is God your excuse for the things you do or the reason for what you do?
I hate confetti canons...
'More than Fine' by Switchfoot
Busy writing down some goals...
@alyssasease yep definitely
We ought to be more known for what we are for than what we are against. #fb
Inevitable by Anberlin
God doesn't want to be on your list of priorities. He wants to BE your list. #fb
Back to lying down... I'm sleepy tired.
I love @alyssasease!
Life is not about changing others. It's about being changed and as a biproduct leading others to the source of your change. #fb
A life lived without being challenged is no life at all. #fb
Just parked nexted to a silver Chevy Cobalt... :/
Wow. Good thing we double checked those loans...
Done working... Time for either a short nap or a quick run.
I don't want to be a goat...
Star tipping... It's been a while.
@alyssasease man youve been doing a lot of reading lately! crazy! :)
A man who doubts is like a wave in the sea blown and tossed by the wind, unstable in everything he does.
Being sacrificial while expecting something in return is no sacrifice at all.
Going for a run! Contemplating the concept that where the spirit of the lord is, there is liberty.
@bojennings that sounds like a killer plan!
God will hold us responsible for our behavior even if we dont.
Is Christ a major part of your life, or is He the point of your life?
RT @plattdavid: Before the cross is for anyone else's sake, the cross is for God's sake. Christ died for God.
'How Do I Love Her' by Steven Curtis Chapman
Being frustrated is frustrating.
Pride comes before the fall is not a completely accurate statement. Pride is the fall.
On the way to Albuqurque for Hillsong!
Its August at last. I thought this month would never get here...
Tonight's lesson in Glorieta quirks makes me so glad I am leaving soon...
Submission and humility go hand in hand. Both are noble attributes.
Joy should come from not what you do, but who you are doing it for. In all you do, do it for the glory of Christ.
My attempt at sleep is failing...
I do not feel too terribly well...
Okay. I'm ready to get back to Nashville. Right........ now.
I am a terrible person, but that's good news because that is the kind of person Jesus saves!
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :)
Its raining. Super lame! Stuck at new mexico hall...
Scaling the Garden of the Gods equals flippin' sweet!
355 miles back to Glorieta. Dang.
Just got some dino silly bands, now onto a big mountain here in Denver, then back to Glorieta.
I think i may be so excited that my body is temporarily shutting down. Or maybe I'm just tired... Probably the latter.
Just went to Casa Bonita, Invesco Field, and now on the way to the hotel to get painted up for the concert!
Casa Bonita!
On the road to Cheyenne, WY to see KISS!
Leaving for KISS in about 6 hours!!!
I can't tell if I'm feeling sickly or just super tired...
Shaved off the soul patch for the KISS concert... It's kinda weird.
Just got my free tickets for the Hillsong concert! Excited to go see them with @rodpitts
Just took down the wrong lights. Fail.
Happy birthday to the most gorgeous girl in the world! I hope you feel better, @alyssasease!
Ready to get on an airplane...
@alyssasease spongebob squarepants!
Life is so much more fun when you jokingly over react to everything.
I have been waiting on this elevator for 20 minutes.
Got my keys, name tag, work shirt, phone, backpack, and shutter shades. Ready for another work day.
30
Today I did not want to get out of bed at all...
A movie, a mounds candybar, an orchestral rendition of 'love story', a walmart run, and mcdonalds. Thats a legit evening.
Just ate a mounds candy bar. My life is now complete!
Just adapted KISS's song 'Rock and Roll All Night' into an indy acoustic version. It's very legitimate.
Just got make up for the kiss concert and now writing a cover of a song from Up with Sam!
Movie night with Sam. Watching 'Up'!
Setting up a room for Glorieta promo pictures... Haha
Looking forward to a fun filled week with Billy & Cindy Foote...
He died for us, made us whole.
He cleansed us, showed us his love.
-Camp Indy Music Camp 2008
No more world cup. What am I going to do with myself?
Yaaaawwwnnn.....
Just arrived in Mountainair!
Going hiking in flip flops... I forgot my shoes.
Just witnessed my first opera tailgating party... Haha
Bobcat bite with me madre!
Excpetations are dumb.
'Where you're calling me is just beyond my reach.'
Feels like a monday...
I may or may not have the most amazing girlfriend ever! :)
'I Will Trust You' by Steven Curtis Chapman
Im pretty sure I just heard a beetle breathing hard as it tried to get off its back. It was big...
Hold on by Shawn Mcdonald
Fear has a tendency to grow upon itself.
Take Hold by Shawn McDonald
Germany could go all the waaay!
Ready to start the work week back up tomorrow...
Cleaning and jamming to the Tarzan soundtrack. Yes!
Ghana should not be proud of that victory.
USA, please...
I'm stressed.
Fail.
Oh say can you see another victory for the USA? #fb
Soo sleepy...
I'm full.
I have a beard tan line...
Those who find success are the ones who let their goals be evident in all of their life choices. Let your goal be to glorify Christ.
Those who find success in their goals are the ones who let their goal be evident in all of their life choices. Let your goal be to glori ...
Like WWII, the French gave up, the US came in late, and the Brits are left against the Germans. #fb
Looks like itll be #JPN and #NED for group E.
I am soo sleepy. Goodnight.
Hiking in flip flops is not a good idea...
Rain, if you could wait a minute that would be great.
Learning a dance to a song from the Hannah Montana movie... Haha
Toy Story 3 is pretty much an emotional rollercoaster. Just saying.
Downhere in 2 days!
Its frustrating when people randomly come up with unnecessary jobs to do. Sorry @alyssasease. I'll be quick hopefully..
And now for sorry!
Now for some chutes and ladders!!
Candyland! Oh yeah.
#CMR vs. #DEN. Here we go.
And.... Campus is empty again.
I dont want to get out of my warm cozy bed. Grr...
Just played some AVB. Awesome!
America just got ripped off. Oh. My. Word. #fb
Getting ready for KISS next month!
Whoops. Forgot about dinner...
RT @MaxLucado: Rather than worry about anything, "pray about everything."
Dang. Beat by 5 seconds.
I really want to play with legos right now.
Let's go Germany!
'Carry on, my love. You can rest assured that your heart is held secure.'
Hot Rod. Always a good choice.
Today needs to end. Soon.
USA vs England in t-minus 1.5 hrs.
World cup game #4
Tomorrow morning at 5:30. South Korea is going down. Hopefully...
World cup game #2
World cup game 1!
Santa Fe pretty much fails as a city.
I hate warm toilet seats.
Temptation is a battle between two passions and the stronger passion always wins. Where are your passions? #fb
Just kidding about that last tweet...
Going to see Kesha and Rhianna in about a month! Haha
Sugar crashing...
"I'm not proud of the scars I've made, but they remind me of what needs to change." -Since October
Powers out and phone battery almost dead. I will be unreachable if the power isnt fixed!
If we are comfortable, then we aren't learning anything.
Man. Even eating fruity pebbles makes me kinda sad...
Today, I ate my lunch then when I looked in the mirror I found that half the cookie I had just eaten was stuck in my beard. Haha
@alyssasease that also means we ought to view little things as quite serious! Good reminder though for sure!
I LOVE Taco Bell! Oh yes.
Today is a good day for heavy labor.
Oh my word. I cannot sleep. Grrrr...
Mmmm... Juice box.
I am missing my best friend.
"All of my life in every season, You are still God and I have a reason to sing. I have a reason to worship."
1 Corinthians 13:8
My thumbs are epic blistered.
'Indifference, not hate, is the strongest enemy of love.'
Sometimes old cheesy hymns are the best thing for me.
"Do not shut the heavens, but open up our hearts." #fb
Its gonna be a good day!
Surely I am more stupid than any man, and do not have the understanding of a man. Proverbs 30:2
I FOUND CRAZY STRAWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hate not having a car.
Yay! New NASB bible!
Be Thou My Vision. #fb
World cup is coming! Ohhh yeah.
When people look at your life, whom do they give glory?
Faithful are the wounds of a friend, but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful. Proverbs 27:6
Live every week like it's shark week. #fb
Do you see a man wise in his own eyes? There is more hope for a fool than for him. Proverbs 26:12
To seek one's own glory is not glory. Proverbs 25:27
If you faint in the day of adversity, your strength is small. Proverbs 24:10
He who keeps your soul, does he not know it? And will he not render to each man according to his deeds? Proverbs 24:12
Be zealous for the things of the Lord ALL DAY. Proverbs 23:17
Even a few days can seem like a century when you're away from the one you love. Fortunately, God will never leave nor forsake you.
Pinecones give a much more satisfying crunch than dry leaves.
Well that wasnt pulpit point...
Kids on leashes make me laugh. Haha
My beard is now in the itchy stage!
Note to self. Breakfast is over at 8am.
Live like there's no tomorrow. Love extravagantly.
Ta da!
Time for a solitary walk down the dark trails of Glorieta... Yikes.
Look for opportunities today to give away glory that you think you deserve.
Back on the road again.
Hooray. I get to hang around the airport for 2 hours! My favorite.
That was weird. Arriving at the same gate i left from 9 months ago...
Trying to nagivate my way from concourse B to concourse T. Oh goodness.
My guitar better make it to New Mexico safely. If not... I will be very mad.
Waiting in line at security. My favorite!
Fantastic. I literally don't have enough money for my checked bag at the airport.
I've found myself having mixed feelings about a lot of things these days.
T minus eight hours. :/
we are nashville. show your love. - http://twb.ly/d7jcXh
Check out videos of my new band on youtube! just search for TheCounterpartTheory! And then like our page on Facebook! #fb
Cavity free! Yay.
My first day back from school and already late for an appointment... Haha
:/
Just officially concluded my freshman year of college.
Oh dear.. I forgot that 1020 actually means 1030.. :)
Just found out that what I had completed on my paper yesterday was completely lost. Grand.
Follow my new band on twitter! @theCPtheory #fb
I have decided that I'd rather just look over stuff for OT tomorrow morning rather than stay up later...
Mission objectives: paper to mailbox, books to book fool, cds to return bin. Ready go.
Hosea 14:3
Had a great night with Sam and @alyssasease! Now Call of Duty with Daniel!
Got a new song with a country twang in the making. I hate it when I write stuff like this...
I am terrible at short summaries. I hope 5 pages is acceptable...
I can't focus on anything to save my life. Read, read, read...
@rodpitts he was but hes thinking about glorieta a little more seriously now that he has had an interview set up.
@rodpitts nick dodge!
I may have another friend coming to Glorieta with me! Fingers crossed!
Literally standing still on the highway... Wish @alyssasease were here.
I hate bathrooms with short stall walls. Can you say awkward?
Almost missed my exam this morning...
Sitting in my front seat trying very hard not to fall asleep. Can't wait to see @alyssasease!
Im freeeeeeee! Free falling.
I feel like an overacheiver sitting in the classroom 45 minutes early...
Wowee. I need to actually study.
These noise isolating headphones were definitely a good investment.
I decided to check my classes for registration tomorrow. Needless to say, studying is no longer tonight's priority.
I need to pee super lots.
Got to see @emoritamamacita at the Internship Fair today! Now off to class and lunch and time with the fam!
Going to bed early because I can see the next few weeks requiring some all-nighters. Goodnight. I love you, @alyssasease
In need of a nap today.
Thats the biggest suprise i have had all year.
Very ready to take a nap. For a long while.
Patience is more than simply bearing the passage of time. It's about waiting with excellence.
It's To Write Love On Her Arms day!
I'm starving!
If you are going to be a crossover artist, you have to be willing to take the cross over. #fb
Waiting on @alyssasease...
Perfect love casts out fear.
Just gave a tip of three dollars and one cent. For realz.
I cant concentrate on class. I just want to be done and for school to be over.
Skip.
Why im still awake i cannot say.
Grr.. All the cooking ware dissappeard from the kitchen.
@alyssasease what was in reply to me?
Class cancelled today! Its a get stuff done kinda day...
One of my new songs, I'm pretty sure would sound great sung by Switchfoot... Just saying.
I now have three songs that I am legitimately proud of! Now just to come up with titles and get them recorded!
I have a fose this morning. :/
Dang. I was totally going to skip precalc today but got up. Got to class and it was cancelled.
Just spilled red gatorade all over my white shirt with no time to go back to the dorm and change... Great.
"Lord, carry me away with you until all that remains is us two."
What an interesting night... #fb
Really, Roomie? I was asleep a few minutes ago.
Tonights schedule. Eat, shower, hang with the coolest girl ever!
3 more holes? Goodness this takes a while.
Time to start studying...
Sam just got offered a big glass of beer by the waiter...
BWW!!!
About to watch part of this opera. Should be interesting...
Parking downtown equals a pain in the butt.
I am resigning to the fact i will not have a life next semester.
I hate burning myself on zippers as they come out of the dryer.
Today is TOMS "One Day Without Shoes!" Go barefoot today to raise awareness of the need for shoes in third world countries!
Yaawwnnnn...
Yay for inspiration.
Correction. Shower by myself THEN a movie with Sam!
Shower and a movie with Sam!
Not sure where i was supposed to go for training... Oh well.
Just 5 more hours!
Trying to find a few days that I can do a Habitat for Humanity build!!
Fail.
Oh dear. Another commitment I had forgotten!
I like being productive! Sometimes...
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
Just ran half naked down the street yelling after my brother to stop the car. What an interesting way to start the day.
Yayy!!! Fruity pebbles!!!
I need to stop snacking all day. Goodness.
@alyssasease cool cool beans b-beans!
Cool beans!
Break!
One more class. Oh i wish it were cancelled.
Even when I try to get to bed at a decent time I just fail miserably.
Oh dear. I just remembered my laundry!
Wow. That test took me maybe 10 minutes...
About to go for a run..... Way too early.
Blah... Time to get up.
Good day for a nap...
To whom much is given, much ia required.
It's a good day for a nap.
Goodnight!
Now I think I will try to start working on my presentation.
Going on a short walk to attempt to regain my focus.
I might minor in photography!
getting close to finishing! just gotta prepare my entire russian lit presentation and do test revisions!
Tonight: laundry, presentation prep, songwriting, muz buz test corrections, old testament reading and blog post, and more reading.
Download the @chasenmusic new song, "Castaway," on iTunes for FREE!
Download Chasen's new song, "Castaway," on iTunes for FREE!
Looks like i missed whoever was at small group. Cause the room was empty....
Reviewing Dave Barnes' new album!
Actually i meant 1000 days til easter break.
100 days left until easter break!!
@hearitfirst john james, peter furler, michael tait!
Apparently my across the hall neighbor got a drum set. Fantastic.
Bed time I guess.
You are more than the choices you have made. You are more than the sum of your past mistakes. You are more than the problems you create. ...
NAAPP!!
I'm tired.
Yay! Time for a quick 45 min nap!
"It's not enough just to say that we're okay. He needs our hurt, he needs our pain. It's not love any other way." #fb
Wow. I have drunk 2 liters of Sprite all by myself tonight.
Not quite done with stuff. Two more things.. Can i finish before breakfast and class? We shall see.
Why am I so bad at procrastinating?!?!?!
Oh my word. I cannot get this homework done.
There may or may not be an interview with the actor who played Mike Orr and the producer of Blindside going on 15 feet from where I am...
I am just now starting to feel that long day I had yesterday. I want to go back to bed.
Just listened to the new Robbie Seay Band album 'Miracle'! You may need to check it out when it releases March 23! #fb
Here begins a wonderful day.
Oh dear. Up in 3.5 hours and I cannot fall asleep. I hope i can stay awake for 5 hours of driving!!
Just got home. Wow. Up in a few hours to drive to Nashville hopefully in time for class...
Should've been on the road an hour ago and we are still shopping, then the shed aquarium, and going to a nice sit-in resaurant...
I'm ready to get on the road, but my family doesn't seem to care too much about my Monday.
Haha i just got put on hold by my own father!
Just ate a bowl of cereal without milk. Yum...
Eye doctor... Not cool.
I have determined that I am going to collect sports cards again.
My tummy is not happy.
@alyssasease i miss you soo much. And i love you.
Driving down the road with the windows down jamming to a Party in the USA!! Hahaha
Pssh
About to watch some robinson crusoe with sam. I have never seen it before so hopefully its good!
Im boring today.
@alyssasease you better not be getting sickly.
I think I'm pretty much done with all the important stuff I need to do before break. Now just to bide my time.
@chasemckeown for real! it's frustrating.
Some pretest pokemon playing to calm my mind.. Haha
Phone on silent so no alarm. Ahh. And today of all days.
Im gonna fail.
Saturday morning cartoons... Yes.
'Forgive me, Lord, for the times I didn't see you. I was too busy looking at myself.'
Stressing...
I need to start keeping track of my money.
Wow, Belmont. You staff are becoming my favorite people. (insert enormous amounts of sarcasm here)
@hearitfirst what do the newsboys specifically want their new recod to inspire in the listening audience?
I have a lot on my to do list for today. Ugh.
These bells are creepy. It feels like im in the movie pirates of the carribean.
Ultimate was a very fun but very bad idea...
Without love, all of my skills and abilities are completely pointless.
Im pretty sure i just had three eighth grade girls flirting with me. Wow...
Brr... I am toasty.
I dont like this class.
feeling very light headed... kinda weird!
I hate traffic. Hate it. Hate it. Hate it.
Ahhhhh!
