anthonymchavez
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/584519729655623680/Jve6b2Qa_400x400.jpg
Looking back, I don't understand how I use to let bullshit effect me so much. So much easier to just let things go.
Stack that cheddar. Stack it high.
Who's going to Califesto?
I'd kick a midget for some sausage and peppers right now
hmmm comic con this year??
Tfw your new work shirts finally come in a Tall. 🙏😁
Bitch you ain't got no juice. Bitch you gets no juice.
I'm a dog
What's going down tonight?
Tokin in my room and I can hear my sister tokin outside. Great minds think alike.
RT @Yawngod: Today http://t.co/oG5vaj9Ams
Who's down for coffee?
Who's going to la fiesta today?
I want coffee. Does anyone else want coffee too?
Hope everyone's having a great start to their Christmas Eve.
Anybody wanna hangout today?
Got caught singing 2pac by a 6 year old at work.
RT @unftnt: We hope y'all fux wit Mexican food real tough! Our next #UNFTNT event is coming up sooner than soon.. aka next Saturday! Stay u…
I'm a hooman. Are you a hooman too?
@j10578500g true that my man. Thinking positive.
@j10578500g that's not the business
Just found out she didn't ever take the medicine. She's high on life. #lovemydog #kira
My dog took her anxiety medicine, she's happier than I have seen her in a long time. No more meds for her.
@CreepinItTrill don't try to rush the gods.
@CreepinItTrill lol sorry I just saw the excitement and felt I should stomp it out 😈.
@CreepinItTrill .....backordered
To all my homies that quit kickin it with me, I needed that. Thank you for letting me see who I was becoming. It's time for change.
@StephenCharlesB hmu when you get off!!
@StephenCharlesB where are you my fellow earthling
Is anybody not working today and trying to hang out?
Dude I hate being sick. Interferes with my smoke inhalation.
Lol people preparing for this storm. I gotta stay in a building all day with 40+ kids.
To everyone that's ever shown me love. I love you.
Fuhk Yoo
Body and mind become one. http://t.co/BjqNwZfj0w
As silence falls upon closed eyes, thoughts of the dreamers will flood the skies. G'night guys.
Moms made baked ziti for dinner. There was bloodshed for sure.
Can I be famous?
RT @CreepinItTrill: RIP to the good homie john lennon
Anybody doing anything tonight?
Well I have officially figured out my two different goal paths. I just don't know if I want to start in sacramento, or if I wanna move.
@iGrapple94 sick my bday is the 29th. Hmu when ur in town and we can link up.
@StephenCharlesB @BrianAlanMiller @BradleyAllenB @JakeEnas @iGrapple94 @garrebare18 my 21st is this month. You guys wanna have a reunion?
Though Babylon rage. I will strive until the end of my days. Rasta courage. Go against society. Rasta courage.
I'd like to thank everyone who's been involved in my life at any point. Thank you for everything you've taught me about living.
"She don't call me one and only no, she just calls me when she gets lonely."
There's too many people in this place. It's hard to dream.
Slept all night in a snuggie. Fuck wit me.
If I offend you, I hope I motivate you at the same time.
If you ever ask yourself why, you're thinking too much.
Congrats @NicByerley for knowing your shit and winning tickets bro. Stay blessed.
To my future wife, please get your shit together. Don't be a broke bitch.
Go here---&gt;&gt;. http://t.co/wGWB2Jv6h3 go listen to cute hitler now.
That tweet was badass. Said no one...ever.
When you know you smoke too much dro, but you still think you don't smell like pot. You ain't fooling no one. #kushcologne
When you're driving and it's raining and all of a sudden everyone forgets where the gas pedal is
#tfw it's dark and you can't see a thing. But you step in dogshit and instantly know what it was.
RT @23GAMBIT23: @anthonymchavez http://t.co/VGNH0Is43O
And why tf did I come across a "junkies of Instagram" dude I don't wanna see your tar. Fuck outta here.
Tfw you are scrolling on IG and u like a pic you didn't want to like.
RT @Leekonthebeat: "@23GAMBIT23:  SUICIDE AND SPIRIT GUIDES BY GAMBIT PRODUCED BY @LEEKONTHEBEAT !!
#CUTEHITLER

http://t.co/J3Jo9jQd37 htt…
RT @23GAMBIT23: I want everyone to achieve greatness in their trades
Ioeno if I could live in New Mexico. I never even went to the old one.
This nigga is bout to come outta the woodwork. Just wait and see
Within the eyes of one sculpted man, lies the perspectives of millions. #art
RT @23GAMBIT23: I refuse to watch that peter pan bullshit i can already tell christopher walken is guna rape sumone cuz his facial hair in …
RT @23GAMBIT23: @anthonymchavez HEIL THE FUHRER !!
RT @23GAMBIT23: @23GAMBIT23 CUTE HITLER GOT ALL THE PRETTY LADIES LIKE http://t.co/6yLQ5DOr6j
RT @23GAMBIT23: GO LISTEN TO CUTE HITLER ON MY SOUNDCLOUD !!
http://t.co/OZJny9ahJI http://t.co/OGsfYSQFOf
@23GAMBIT23 all hail cute hitler.
Waking up to the sound of rain &gt;&gt;
@TimGuimont pretty good bro. We should meet up sometime.
What if camel humps were replaced by turtle shells.
@TimGuimont haven't seen you in like years.
Fucking dabs. Gotta love em.
@PurpleNGabbana you're here and you take up space, so you matter!!
Anyone tryna sesh tonight?
I turn 21 next month. Anybody down to turn up?
It's time to start grindin. Ima get what's mine. Watch me.
I know damn near every one of you smokes pot...and none of y'all niggas ever hit me back to kick it. Smh. I thought I was friendly..fuck lol
Wait till I get my money right.
@PurpleNGabbana just listened to it, that shit hits bro
Who's tryna match
@PurpleNGabbana progression man progression.
HEAL. Hydrate Elevate Ask Learn. Thanks @23GAMBIT23   I been neglecting water.
@23GAMBIT23 drugs and water. Elevate your thoughts and they will flow in the river.
Been smoking only hydro for the last like 6 months. #wfayo #stayup #ostf
I told the preschoolers to look at the fog. Now they all think there's "frogs" in the air.
Young sprout http://t.co/ZYxIqdm6Qp
Back in high school, life had an entirely different mood and feeling. I miss that a little. #nostalgia
@iGrapple94 take it with love my friend.
@CeeloGreenLatte stay frosty
If the world continues as it is...I will become an avid unicyclist traveling the world handing out acid to all the youth in the UK
If the world continues as it is...@iGrapple94 will be the face of alternative fuel made from baby pelts
If the world continues as it is...@BradleyAllenB I look forward to seeing you on Oprah talking about saving the narwhals.
@StephenCharlesB just think about it. And when the time is right, embrace it.
If the world continues as it is...@StephenCharlesB I can't wait for you to be a champion women's mud wrestler. It's inevitable.
So after rippin the blunt yesterday tryna pack too much in it, i got my bars back.
Who's tryna kick it and burn
Counted my toes and I still got 10  #blessed
@iGrapple94 he let the bodies hit the floor
Anyone trying to hang out?
Marijuana memories and cocaine conflicts. Life's a shitty story so I take a couple bong rips.
I wear my watch, not to tell time, but in the hopes that at some moment, I may forget it.
@StephenCharlesB wax. Always wax.
"I don't even know, I just do drugs." Lol
On a side note. Fuck 140 limits.
Water evaporates into the atmosphere. And then comes back as rain. Why am I paying for my water when it wasn't made by any of you?!
goodnight.
I think my mind is telling me it's time to stop living a life that doesn't make me happy.
Stuck here again till some other way out comes up.
Wake up and smell the daffodildos
Life's like a box of kittens.  It's square and filled with pussies.
Sup twitter it's Been a minute. Still as pointless as when I left. Glad my bitches stay faithful.
Anyone at Arco for the graduation?
Whats happening tonight. I want to do something. I wanna drink
That ac life tho
What's going on tonight
RT @BrianAlanMiller: Anyone that "doesn't like Breaking Bad" &amp; refuses to watch it needs to stop being gay &amp; rebellious &amp; needs to look at …
Guess it wasn't as real as it was to me.
But when you were with me, you had no problem talking to anyone that you knew.
Fuck man. Nothing ever works out like its supposed to.
And you haven't even tried to stay friends.  You just disappeared.
I haven't seen your face in over a year
We were supposed to always be friends. What the fuck happened.
First time for everything
Who has a house/appt in Santa Cruz?
I miss you
Two hours left
imated his strength 😏☺️
I'm dummy ass stoned. That j was a creeper. Shouldn't have underest
Who wants to kick it
@StephenCharlesB @BradleyAllenB I miss you guys and all the moles
Fuck scrips
I always get the urge to ask you how you are, but I know you're better off. And that's all that matters.
Just sayin if I find someone in my room when I come home, and you aren't supposed to be there, I'll shoot you
Fuck. No work means no money. I hate how fuck my insides are
Kinda wish my earlier mistakes hadn't happened. I would've real liked to experience this with you.
Just remember. I did it for the ratchets
If you need greens or wax lemme know
Anybody wanna kick it?
...I need a bump. But I can't even do that shit
Dude. I just gotta do me.
Don't ever fuck with my family.
I'm goin harder than a midget jumpin over me.
Grow the fuck up. Thought we were friends first
Dude it's crazy how someone you respected so much and all that can just ignore everything you try to say to them.
Fuckin prom
Y'all ain't ready for me to squirt this dirt
It's okay though. Cuz I'm god
This last year has been insane. I've been at my lowest and my highest. And still fucking lost
God watches over those who are kind to others. Good luck lil homie. Pull through.
@DannyDeesta lemme get 10 bucks.
Who tryna kick it?
@Mr_BlakOut sick products man. Good work #stayup
RT @Mr_BlakOut: Stay motivated. http://t.co/GZy1MlnfhJ
I was gonna wear my new shirt today too. But fuck that
Fuck the world and everyone in it.
Why do I waste my time trying to see how you're doing.
@PurpleNGabbana ...still hurts., lol
@PurpleNGabbana that hurts breh. That hurts.
That dab had me high for seven hours
Anything goin down tonight?
I still think about you every day.
I need females to burn with
Smokin on some grapes. Mmmm it's good
Gold iPhone 5s for sale. Hit me up
Anyone tryna kick it and burn?
Anyone wanna burn?
So high
RT @GambitMMM: Ya bops aint shit compared to timi
RT @GambitMMM real talk
Oh my god
My stomach hurts
Vibe out.
Release your freedom
I'm so on
Dragon tits are the only way to go
RT @GambitMMM: FINALLY FEEL LIKE MYSELF AGAIN WITH THIS FUCKIN HAIRCUT
I'm surprised I'm still alive with the shit I've done
I'll never forget the times I spent with you. But I wish there were more to come
Fuck man. I don't get why life has to be such shit to the ppl that try so hard
But I guess you forgot like all my other friends did.
Damn, honestly I figured you would at least have made the effort to tell me happy birthday
Fuck everything
Just end man. Like for real what the fuck is stopping it.
Fuck my god damn mother fucking life.
I miss her, and I can't do jack fucking shit about it
And I should've got fucking stitches. This shit isn't gonna heal right
I'm depressed as fuck for no reason.
Fuck everything man
Dude what the fuck man. I do nothing but help people and I'm chillin here just wanting to die
Fuck man. I'm so fucking alone.
If anybody wants to come to my birthday kickback today hit me up
Fuck life dude. I fuck up everything. Now I'm alone as fuck. Again.
Fuckin bitch fuck ass.
Shit man. This month sucks.
Merry Christmas everyone. You guys are the best.
RT @StephenCharlesB: Merry Christmas to all of my friends and people who make life worth living.
I used to have it all...
Randomly hating on brad, keeping friendship alive for 5 years and counting..
Someone come kick it with me and Taylor.
I'd drop everything in my life to have you back.
RT @Ciaramarie12: Yay we finally have wifi
@DannyDeesta I'm stoned to man. Chinese eyes!!! 😑
Dopest dope I ever smoked
@m_betty damn fallin asleep and shit
I need a good girl
Dude fuck depression
Fuck life man
Fade out your dreams. Deal with your needs
I miss it all. Fucking shit. Fuckshit.
This shit is eating me man. I can't escape.
Why can't I do what you told me?  I can't move forward with anyone else.
What the fuck.
Aye. I just wanna say I'm thankful for all you guys out there that helped me out. Especially you @monicaaacamarra  y'all deserve the best.
RT @nanddevi: Gets me Fucking mad
I went through like 18g in like a day and a half:/
@PurpleNGabbana I'm Smokin too much. I'm out already-.-
@PurpleNGabbana simple minded Aquarius
Dude I'm straight #Chongin
@PurpleNGabbana got me stoned in class http://t.co/ElS5EdLjLP
Breathe in the sunshine. Exhale your demons
Embrace your dreams. Become reality. Follow your heart. Break from society.
Who's ever played the "in bed" game
Wierd ass dream
Fuuuuccckkkkkk all outta weed
I jerk off inside of books and give life to words
Well fuck dude.
@PurpleNGabbana always hookin it up with the stoniest of the stones.
Here
@Mr_Alba what's the event
Who's tryin to burn?  Text me
Send a dead fetus to my ex on valentines day. I'm obnoxious nigga.
@PurpleNGabbana damn, bitches be crazy
@PurpleNGabbana puttin people on blast
These thoughts scare me so much.
Somebody please text or call me.
Why do I do this shit to myself. Got me crying and shit. Why can't I just let her go completely. Fuck dude.
Watched good will hunting. Cried like a bitch. #likeaboss
My dog is going to get murdered and her headstone will read "fucked up by squirrel". She still hasn't learned.
Wearing nothing but a towel smoking a cigarette in my backyard.  Howdy neighbors.
Holy fuck. Just had like an out of body experience. That shit scared the fuck out of me
I needs weeds
If you like it then you shoulda let me pee on it. Doesn't matter what u say I wanna pee on it.
Haven't vibes out on my guitar in so long
@GambitMMM I was quoting Aesop rock ahaa
You can make the future but it starts by leaving the past
Hit me up people.
Lol well vodka. Clear beer
Who's tryna kick it. Got weed and beer
-.-  I'm done venting now.
Who the hell does that to an old man. No matter how fucked up they could be
Fuck dude. This is so shitty.
RIP grandpa.
Anyone at crc right now?
Dude I'm getting stalked by gay dudes on meetme
So stoned right now
Fucking crying as I drive home this morning. What the fuck.
Haven't had as hard of a time with my depression lately. Feelin better
Got my Xanax. Gonna be a good day at school
This bitch is yellin on the phone like its gonna yell back.
Lost a Xanax somewhere in my backpack. Looks like I'm going through class sober
Xanax is my shit. Gets me on that level to deal with all the idiots out there
Slowly surrounding myself with good friends. I've came so far in the last few months. I'm happy
@DannyDeesta hahahahahahha. They were trying to bless your house. They know you be sinning up in there
@DannyDeesta fuck you man
Hang out anybody?
Random dude at crc made me say a prayer with him to save myself from the wicked ways I've fallen victim to.
Borderline exhausted
Wonton silver, away!
All my coworkers are women. I don't wanna find pubes on the toilet. I know it ain't mine.
@i_e_timi my soul depends on it. Jk
@i_e_timi yeee haha.
@i_e_timi move your sister here!!!! 😆👳💂😶👷👲
Sent home from work cuz of a head injury -.-
Day two
11 hours at work-.-
I love honey jack. Iced tea with a little bit of fuck you.
And I don't wanna be a dead weight incapacitated till the day I get my head straight.
I don't get it
I need a drink. Fuck:/
Yet I've only dated a skinny chick. Who thought she wasn't. #donttrytotellthemotherwise. Just let em think they're right. And prove em wrong
I like thick girls. Not fat ones. Thick ones
My sister is an idiot
Royal peacock tattoo parlor.
Neighbors gettin tatted
Happy fuckin 6th of August.
I don't understand y my life has played out this way. It's tearing my soul apart. But there has 2 b a reason. I must not b ready to know it.
My body subconsciously knows when the sixth of every month is
Haha. Almost three years man. And I was a waste of time. God damn life is fucking amazing
Fuck dude. Getting random memories about allergies and its making me feel legitimately sick
@GambitMMM hey that taco was the shit when I hit that fuckin turban like a hippo on the rocks breh. No lube and that wet pretzel shit
Fuck man. I need a girlfriend. Shit sucks
Somebody text me
Bad joke
Notttttt.
Well. Face is scarred for life. One fourth of left side has third degree burns
I need moneyyyy. Tryna slam my truck.
I wanna gauge my Tragus and cartlidge
Time for me and my puppy dog to go to bed. #lovemykira  #mybaby
Went to the car meet today. My truck sounded better than most the imports. Better burnout too.
Somebody wanna come over and kick it?
Gave the kids a pep talk, "why do we respect our friends? If u don't you'll grow up and have none, now go play".
RT @GambitMMM: Thats my opinion. You can think whatever you want. But so far im one lucky ass bitch especially when I need it most..
If you let the world direct your actions. You will never discover your true potential.
@GambitMMM I'm happy for you cuz
@PurpleNGabbana nigga u got a baby face.
I want to be a drifter. No tie downs, go from town to town, and just be completely free from everything.
I can't live here anymore. Everything hurts.
Fuck. I just got slammed with the biggest hit of depression. I think my next check I'm gonna fill up my truck and leave
I miss having someone to feel. My hands miss wandering.
They call me mothafucka jones
I like how if I call someone....their first reaction is I must be drunk -.-
Fuck man-.-
@fuchsyynat I filled everything back up
Came up on some free cigarettes aha.
Truck had no power steering fluid. Barely any brake fluid. No oil and no tranny fluid-.-
RT @StephenCharlesB: @conorcasteel when you get off the plane be sure to blast A$AP - "Work".
I need someone new to talk to-.-
Trying to help her confidence because she's amazing. But wishing I had her still. Makes my heart hurt so bad
I don't know why I do this to myself.
Thinking about just going off grid. Everybody is so into themselves so why put up with them?  Ima do me and forget everything else.
As my life falls apart. The pieces fall into place again. A new life, reborn, and ready to take control.
Somebody text me
Work time
I am kinda surprised I didn't get alcohol poisoning yesterday
Fuck my life I feel like shiiiiiiiiitt
I'm going to get drunk now
Camping with the boys in three weeks
BAHAHA. People's reactions when I tell them I'm a teacher.
Somebody wanna text me?  I'm super bored and can't sleep:/
Addicted to tattoos and body mods(:  my lobes are almost at an inch. Got two of the main tattoos I wanted. And working on my next
My physical attraction to you is surpassed by the fact you are a cunt.
Looking on social networks and seeing the ppl u used to be happy with, are completely moved on like you were never there..-.- I don't get it
Feels like I've been single for a million years. Time goes by so damn slow.
Gayest class ever
All my plugs came in
Got a new tattoo.  Pretty stoked
I need to get laid-.-
Seriously nobody texted me back today
@DannyDeesta she was fine too man. I was talkin to her in Spanish and shit HHS
Tell me why I had a random ass dream I was driving a viper and I get in the car and there's some random Mexican chick in the passenger seat
From Cali to Montana. Now I'm in Vancouver
Fuck. Why am I still missing you so much. Thought time was supposed to fix things
Last day in Montana
World war z in 3d
You don't know her like I do. You'd never understand. You don't know what we've been through. That girls my best friend.
I've had more beer this last week than in the last year. And I haven't even gotten drunk.
And it happens today of all days. Creepy wierd and fucked up
Haven't had a dream about her in a long time-.- fuck that's messin up my mood
Just went from sunny. To complete thunder lighting rain and high speed winds
Fuck it. Ima get drunk
Just bought my own beer
Somebody text me
Burnt to a crisp
Got to have a beer at the bar with my uncle today. So dope.
Here we go!!!
Only a few more hours and I'm outta here
RT @BradleyAllenB: @conorcasteel @anthonymchavez The problem is not that he tweeted it. The problem was this was the way I found out about …
RT @conorcasteel: @anthonymchavez hands down the creepiest tweet I've ever read
@BradleyAllenB ur so cute when you sleep
@Lexibaby105 hmm. I would saaayyyy reply?
@Lexibaby105 cuuuzzzz
@Lexibaby105 go on fb real quick
@Lexibaby105 yo!!!
Totally meant for that to lighten the mood. But I think it came across sarcastic. Not what i meant but:/ oh well
Today fucking sucked
*moment
Fuck man. I'm not liking life at this particular money
@WintowSoLegit wats up!!!????
Holy shit I'm high.
I am so fucking happy right now haha
All about them body mods. Couple months and ill be at 1 inch breh
Week and a half then I'm outta this state.
Fuck man. If I can't get up to 3/4 on my right ear by end of the week I'm stopping. My ear is getting so fucked up
So fuckin bored
@Lexibaby105 cuz it wasn't ur nip that got attacked.
@Lexibaby105 no ur not lol
I'm the only fucking big block truck at this car meet. My motor is bigger than most of these cars
@Lexibaby105 yea. But really that shit hurt hella bad
@Lexibaby105 fuck you. Shit hurt
Rabbit bit my fuckin nipple.
I drive better with a brew in me.
Bout to be at 3/4
Yet another awesome night
Comic con badges are back on sale. But I ain't goin
Had so much fun today.
I can't get the image out of my head. Every time I close my eyes. It plays through my mind again.
Fuck. Shit keeps coming back up in my head. Such a messed up thing to happen
Fuck man. I need a drink
Fuck dude. Why's this shit gotta happen. I do everything I can to be a good person. Why'd I have to go through that.
The feeling of an animal dying in your arms. I felt so helpless. :/
RIP Stains. I love you little guy.
@PurpleNGabbana dude shut up you know it's hot as fuck.
I just hand fed a squirrel.
Music and art. The only things I can truly express myself through. And the two things I will always have.
Tired of not eating. My stomach is so fucked up
June 29th. Then I'm out of here
Sounds lame but hey, it's a hard Knox life.
I'm gonna be the guy that gets drink on his own and has a fuckin blast!!
So on to a different goal
Only one problem. I hate parties.
So sick of being hung up on people. I'm nice and I like drinking. I'm just gonna be the guy that's fun at parties. And not get into anything
I need a hug.
I can't believe how shitty I feel.
Fuck dude. I fucked up so god damn bad.
I think I gots duh food poisoning
I'm dying. Legitimately feel like I am in the process of losing my life
Fuuuuuucccckkkk bro. Somebody hit me up. -.-
I need to share this with someone.
Can't wait. So close to dipping out of California for a while. So sick of it here. I'm stoked.
Fuck ya Montana
Off work till 12
I believe in the power of words. But I never thought they could have such an impact on me.
I've become so numb I can't feel you there. Fading away and losing sight.
I want to watch a movie. However I don't own any-.-
Somebody hit me up. Hella bored
Potatoes are people too!!
@MichailaAlaine uhm did you find a small alien living in a jar of peanut butter in the pantry named Ronaldo?
Last shift of work for the day, off around 4ish. Anybody want to hang out after then text me.
Boo bop dee bop. Boo boo doobie doobie do bop. Chahh. Anybody wanna chill for a bit outside?  I want fresh airr
Morning world.
I'm pretty sure Kira is a genius and just thinks the rest of the family is complete idiots.
Thinking about writing a book
Today was a shitty fuckin Friday
I hate going to this school. Depresses the fuck out of me
Off to herberger-.-
Damn can somebody at all reply to my text. Anyone. :/
Fuck man. My whole body hurts:/
Soo awkward-.-
Makes me wanna cry
Somebody text me
So fucking proud @monicaaacamarra. You did it!
She's still the prettiest one here
The only person I can honestly say knows what the fuck is going on in this world is my cousin. Shout out to @GambitMMM
Fuck you haha. You don't know shit bro.
Everyone seems to forget tht back in school, I was smarter than everyone I hung out with. Now y'all preach to me about my life?
Wake up.
I look at those around me, and they are struggling to live by the standards of others. There are no standards. Just endless possibilities.
I see things nobody else can, and I'm going to embrace it, you all are blind to what you cannot see. I'm awake and I see everything
I don't need that. You all are sheep lost in the world. I know more than anyone I've ever met. Yet I punish myself for it
I look at my body and all I see is my weaknesses. Burns and scars all over. For what? Being upset? Fuck that shit man. I'm a god amongst men
All things go. All things go.
I don't wanna die
Fuck man. My mom worries too much. She starts getting emotional every time I leave the house. She thinks I'm gonna kill myself. Wtf.
I hope everything's going good for you.
When things are going bad. I always end up at this place. #thinkingspot
Tomorrow is gonna be so hard. But I made a promise. And I'll never break a promise.
All you graduates tomorrow. Really proud of you guys. Welcome to adulthood.
Does anyone want to hang out?
My truck is fixed(: #blessed
Ive made it through so many obstacles, this is another one and Im going to face it. If it works out in the end, its because I made it there.
You can't expect to get someone that meets your expectations if you yourself aren't at your own expectations. Time to be a man.
Day one. No more drunk Anthony's.
The highway don't care. But I do.
Clear headed finally. I still am just as depressed however. I'm not drunk.
I need to stop drinking. I miss you to death but drinking every day is killing me more. I'm a grown man I have to take care of myself.
Does anybody have 11/16 gauges.
I spend so much time being ignored. The fuck bro. What did I dooooooooooo
So peek a boo clear the way. I be comin thru fosho   I don't hit dem hoes
ha way, I be comin' thru fo'sho. I don't hit dem hoes.
Fuck dude. Idk why dat hurts so much when I know it aint true. But straight-up, biatch? I'm da most thuggedout gentle thug up there, so  ...
@BrianAlanMiller  I'd love to go but I spent the last of my money tryin to fix my truck. Ill go just to chill though
I just want to be happy. Why can't I be?
@BrianAlanMiller haha. How's it goin!
Someone wanna come hangout with me?
@BrianAlanMiller oh yea. You payin sweet cheeks?
Why does bad shit have to happen. What the hell did I do?  I'm poor. And I try to help anyone in need. And now this? Can't catch a break.
I only say things I mean from the heart. I've told you my truest feelings. If you change your mind my heart will always be in your hands.
Why do I have to start te morning off crying
Fuck dude. Idk why that hurts so much when I know it's not true. But really? I'm the most gentle person out there. I don't hit women.
Never hit a woman in my life
You really tried saying I was abusive?  You don't even fucking know me dude.
RT @OhWonka: When Life knocks you down, calmly get back up, smile, and say "You hit like a bitch."
@fuchsyynat yerp. It really does
@fuchsyynat my truck broke down and I have no tools at the moment. So I'm stuck at home.
Fuck this sucks man. I'm fucking lost. No truck. And I'm fucking alone. Somebody please text me
Truck broke down
RT @CharsGotBars: Alcohals crazy please people kno u can handle as much as you drink
@Kimberlyysoto that's the business
@hayhayyyy I hate those
@kendaamadd the world ends
Anybody wanna come hang out with me?
Keys have been found.
Well I guess I'm not getting very far today lol. No tengo mis llaves para mi coche
I feel like shit
Fuck man. So glad I found my glasses. The sun is not my friend
I got wood 00 and wooden eyelet 1/2 as well
Anybody wanna buy some 5/8 glass plugs?
@WintowSoLegit hey there how are you
Found out I'm at 5/8 not 9/16
Damn. I have hella friends. Nobody at all thought to say what's up.
I can't be any more bluntly honest.
So many times have I thought life's better when it's over. Starting to feel like the world is telling me to go.
Never been happy in my life. I got close once. Then it was taken. Life's a bitch. Then you get fucked by her.
So fuck you guys.
I've kept ppl from doing some stupid shit. But where were they when the rope was around my neck? When I had the gun? Nowhere.
cked
of número uno. It's the few ppl that care about others that get fu
Funny thing is. Nobody fucking cares. You all are gonna take care
Alone and not have to deal with any of you fuck heads
Alone and not having to deal with any of fuck heads.
So I'll be fine for the rest of my life.
I'm done with people. I've been fucked over so much. I don't want sympathy from anyone. I've kept myself from taking the bitch way out.
Fuck this. Idk why I'm even here anymore
When I sit in silence. And those thoughts race through my head, are you sitting in your own silence? Thinking thoughts as well?
Fuck man. Do I not exist in your world?
Where they said they'd never go
When a relationship has problems. It's always rooted back to the same people. Then one person gets over it. And the other goes right to
That felt fucking harsh.
Congratulation eg class of 2013. You guys made it. I'm proud of all my friends that got to this point. Love you guys
Wierd bein in elk groves campus
I really wanna talk to you
Morning everyone. Happy Friday.
When the fuck did this supposed earthquake happen
That thought that just played through my mind like a movie has got me so twisted in my stomach and I can't quit crying. Fuck my life
And I pushed her away.
The saddest most honest and bittersweet thought just came up in my mind. I can't stand being away from her. She's the girl of my dreams
At least tomorrows Friday.
I wish I heard back from you.
The highway don't care if you're coming home, but I do.
RT @JustinAnder916: Paul george!!!
RT @TheRealDevery: I don't need to "man up" as much as I need to "girl it down."
RT @baileebuttonn: A kid in my little brothers yearbook is named baldeep.... #weak
I'm genuinely hopeless.
I can't truly express my feelings through words. The English language doesn't possess the capacity for my emotions to flow free.
Off work. Today has been a real struggle emotionally and physically.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. I'm just. Fuck man.
Ya. I'm gonna puke now.
In a world where people use the restroom....and open their closet....to find.....no toilet paper.
Here's to another night of drinking
I'm a douche but you know what. I still have feelings. And they're all fucking destroyed.
Every day. And apparently I'm a shittier person than I thought.
So fucking sick of crying. I feel weak and my self esteem is so low I can't even reach down and find it. Learning new things I did wrong
Damn dude:/. Shit hurts.
Fuck this man. Now I'm crying. Wtf.
@autumbottomm I'm getting choked up!  I miss her too. And you're guys love combo is making me really sadfaceish
@monicaaacamarra and @autumbottomm stop. You two are making me sad.
Why do I feel guilty
RT @monicaaacamarra: Excited to see @_VANE5SA_  walk across the stage 😃
Blahhhhj
@Papa_Jorgeo I know man. Ill pick you up sometime and we can all kick it
Anybody wanna hang out???
Going to sf this weekend. Kinda excited
Hate when I text someone with an iPhone and it sends my message as a text
I have so many scars on my body. Crazy
Today was pretty good(:  relaxing
Someone text me :'(
Hello everyone
I seriously can't talk to anyone without being totally ignored within an hour. Wtf.
I've been in my garage all day since 9:30 this morning
I've changed so fucking much in the last couple months. My views on everything shifted. My mind is finally focusing.
Together we're unstoppable. We can take over the world. Gods amongst men.
Damn dude wtf did I do
Who has painters tape or masking tape?
I spend my days thinking. Some thoughts of greatness. And some of darkness. The mind of pure genius never sleeps
Finally get to talk to her. And I fuck it up
Fuck man:/. I just want it all back.
I'm happy. I'm straight A's in college so far
Sometimes I feel like I don't have a partner. Sometimes I feel like my only friend
Fuuuuccckkk
@WintowSoLegit thank you!
Last day of school
RT @conorcasteel: it's never too late to become what you might have been
RT @GoodToBeChu: To all the girls that say I'm "TOO NICE" fuck you I'm sorry that I'm a gentleman and not a fucking asshole...
Even light has its darkness
I miss soda
Text meeee
Fuck man. Can't believe my other ear had a blowout. Shit fuckin hurts. I'm glad it didn't rip the whole way
I like that 94.7 plays uncensored shit
Weather feels nice today
You can rate prostitutes now
RT @MarilynSaying: Don't be the girl who needs a man. Be the girl a man needs.
RT @antijokeapple: Yolar - To only live once    
~Yolo                      ~Yolamos  
~Yolas                    ~Yolaís   
~Yola          …
Why am I so tired:/
Dude in a pooh bear suit at crc.
Oragel challenge complete
Think that was last week
Haha just kidding
Good luck ap English students
RT @AmandaMamacita: Hookah, alcohol, and a pool. #gigz
Lightweight thinking about losing my gauges. What u guys think?
I hate when I use my front camera and take a pic and it flips that shit. That is not the business.
I wanna collect rare exotic spiders. Then one day the tank will break and one'll bite me and give me superpowers. That's how it works right?
Insurance finally came outta my account
RT @AmandaMamacita: Who wants to buy me alcohol and get shitty with me tonight? I need it.
