EWandange
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/2559471297/Agape_400x400.jpg
I’m not angry, either. I should be, but I’m not. I just feel pain. A lot of pain.
When a dog bites a man that is not news, but when a man bites a dog that is news
In the real world, the right thing never happens in the right place and the right time.
Editor:  A person employed on a newspaper whose business it is to separate the wheat from the chaff, and to see that the chaff is printed.
They kill good trees to put out bad newspapers.
I can not be your judge...thts jus a btw
Its a free world
Bittersweet memories 
that is all I'm taking with me.
If only u could understand my whole being at this point
I will always love you..
I wanna b th best i cn b
The main problem i have identify is that woman have expectations.

When you don't meet those expectations it gets nasty.
Stop promoting relationships to be some sort of bad thing and think positively for the future...u mi8 b tellin th truth but..
There are some good relationships and some bad relationships.
You are only feeling bitter because of what happened to you personally.
RT @ODOZZE: namba nane http://t.co/PUkTZ5Qj
Bad boys
“keep it real.” Nice guys don’t want to upset the
apple cart.
Kingwa Kamencu is back.
NO! im nt ignoring ur calls...i jst luv my ringtone
am phone-less. My head says "Buy an iPhone" but my bank account says "Anything costlier than a mulika mwizi will need a loan
my mum would
beat us like after we are pulp we
will be of medicinal value
High Heels were invented by a woman
who was kissed on the forehead
It had rained,
so it was colder than a witch’s
tits.
only in kisumu.....boat-builders by day, bouncers by
night
Life kicks you around sometimes. It scares you &amp; it beats you up...if yo nt tough
to the point where you don't even know why you need it; you just think you do.
There's no way I'm the only person out there who wants it this bad.
confused, I don't understand all of it
We all screw things up. I screw things up, especially with the people I love.
never assume anithing
ice sculptures and champagne fountains
With names like James smart,Michelle
Morgan &amp; Eric Latiff on our tvs, no kid will
allow me name him Omondi
Now, some village idiots seem to believe that
driving is a competition and therefore it is a
bad thing to be ... (more) http://t.co/S3me3oal
SK Macharia airs what he wants it's his
business, start yours.
I’ve always wondered if film directors wake
up screaming “CUT! CUT! CUUUUUT!” when
they have nightmares
oh I’m sorry! i didn’t realise you were giving
me a dirty look…i just thought you were ugly
like that all the time!!
Doctors waiting room needs some music. And
better lighting. And more women. And a pole
in the middle of the room.
jus Dance like no one’s going to put it on
YouTube.
Cut here —————–✄———————-
If guys had periods, they’d brag about the
size of their tampons.
Why is a newspaper ten times more
interesting when somebody across the table
is reading it?
When someone rings the doorbell, why do
dogs always assume it’s for them?
decided to burn lots of calories today so I set
a fat kid on fire!
Santa saw your Facebook status's... he's getting you a dictionary for Christmas.
JUBILEE. Stands for. Junk Union Based In Lies &amp; Endless Evils.
Missed a call and calls back immediately but no answer...What? So did you die
within 3 seconds??
No matter how many times you say 'okay' your
parents will not stop talking.
Now it will not be about
who wins; it will be about who looses and accepts defeat honourably. God bless
Kenya.
Carlo Ancelotti's chances of claiming
another Champions League have
just got a boost. Assuming he can
stay in his job that long.
It's the
game that everybody wanted to see man u vs real m
but nobody wanted to see.
Politics made in Kenya! Are these the kind
of people who want us to entrust them
with the leadership of this country?
now we know who will be the next
president of Kenya.
Mau Mau did not fight for Kenya's
freedom but for their land to be
returned to them. Don't be cheated.
Parties that are
comprised of both reformers and
outlawed organizations make one's head
spin as you wonder ... (more) http://t.co/YoGYOsmc
a person who can hop into
3 different parties in one week is too
confused to lead anyone!
Sow an act, and you reap a habit. Sow a
habit, and you reap a character. Sow a
character, and you reap a destiny.
Shall we ever know the person, not the
car, that killed Mercy keino?
b calm n luk at both ends at tyms
u react too first
I also urge kibaki to declare
iebc to register voters 24hrs aka 24/7. this
will enable drunkard to have time to
register.
what will 1 public holiday do? Time is definetely not the root cause of
the low voter registration.
She who wants everything gets nothing.
Greed and disloyalty have their
consequences. I wait to hear the song ... (more) http://t.co/kbLxP5lk
Some people when you tell them
to go for circumciation they go
for castration, lack of
understanding.
hear yourself....who said mass action
is murder?
even if yo doin th wrong thing have confidence th right thing m8 come along th way
yeah is good to wait for police
investigation but when will the police
return results. i don't even think they
do investigation
Maybe now that an MP has been injured
the security matter could be revised
seriously by the government?
After all the unnecessary noise against
Odinga, all and even Kibaki will find
himself eating fish at Bondo
TNA/URP/UDF is a confused boat going
nowhere. The passengers are now
fighting for the life jackets.
The only problem with your tribe the
youth is that they vote guys like Sonko
in office.
shez th 1...M.A.M...mary....
i love me chq...u knw wht u take thts y...
a chq who takes bluemoon n adds a weed on it.....shez a chq one u reffer to down 2 evrythin
Bachelors know more about women than
married men; if they didn't they'd be married
too.
Marriage is the only war in which you sleep
with the enemy..
pastor staring at th bride??
In wine there is wisdom,
in beer there is freedom, in Water there is
bacteria.
screw YOLO...how bout F.I.S.H...Fuck It Shit Happens...
Gor fans spotted drinking Tusker.
Citizen presenters ordered to say "ROR"
instead of "LOL". Stay tuned for this and
more
Ole Kiyapi visits a dentist. Stay tuned to
follow this life-changing story.
u cn take a car or train bt nt a plain when searchin
chQs on make-ups looks like thy rub glue on their
face and roll on random thngs..
use yo money
and energy for the important things.
a win win situation
waiting 4 th reaction
leave 4 today mentality
Humans are
designed to live in groups, explore ideas, and constantly learn new skills.
They're short and oh so sweet.
@April_Entyce ofcos girls have lil education unlike women
Only three groups of men are
exempted from drinking; Religious zealots,
the sick and rehabilitated alcoholics.
Help us to
handle the feelings in a safe
way.
when u say gudbye 2 some1 thn both of u start 2 walk in th same direction
as bad as noticing that
you’ve had your penis out at a party
Perhaps your life isn't ruined,
but just damaged.
Accept that there is no way
you can erase what has
happened.
my ex did thz my ex did tht...vry uncool
'Am I one
of those who just doesn't get
it?'
If she doesn't acknowledge what happened, then how can
we trust that she is going to
be different in the future?
Don't base a relationship on sex. You need love,
compassion and caring. Then
sex can be a reflection of that.
You must make a decision that you are
going to move on. It wont happen
automatically.
Have you ever tried to imagine how difficult it was
for Jesus to live as a man while he was God. If not,
try living like him...
when u have difficulties,don`t talk about ur
problems,talk about ur God.
Don’t get confused between my personality &amp; my
attitude. My personality is who i am, my attitude
depends on who you are.
Listening can be a sign of respect and somebody
feels valued.
. Any car that is older than your teenage kids is a vehicle.
Selector, bounce the one yah fi the gyal
dem bubble pon,
Everyone has their burden.What counts
is how you carry it
I am BACK lyk the opposite side of ur
STOMACH
Why are condoms transparent?
A: So that sperms can at least enjoy the
scene even if
their entry is Restricted!
before you marry choose the one you
love; after you marry love the one you
choose,
@Thugnificent20 we kiswahili 4 journalist umesahau
@Thugnificent20 sasa hapa n nini inaongea
# impala
At tyms i critically look at lyf n instead of
crying i find myself laughing
@Kabalunze poa sana raya
@April_Entyce same here
april entyce hawayuu
Me jus thinking on th time that I'm facing.
I came to win, to fight, to conquer, to thrive I came to win, to survive, to
prosper, to rise to fly...
I will lose
my cool and reach for my fire arm..
Am a C.C.K survivor
Two people who are meant to be
together will always find their way back
to each other!
when campaigning jus tell us what you
will do for us nt what another person did
wrng...
Love the way you do when you do it like that.
So lets go tonight and do whatever it takes to make it right.
i'll Ask God to show me what i need to change
We may never be able to influence anyone else to do what we think is
right.
...that is why sometimes we
need each other.
Spend time with people who know how to use their days well.
I choose
to be happy.
My worst enemy is my memory at tyms
People change. Memories don't.
When I was a kid, I thought 8:30 was a late bedtime, now I only wish I could go to bed at this kind of
time!
Suddenly,
you realize tomorrow might not come.
Now I live by the motto, Today is what
I have.
may yo soul R.I.P
Esther Arunga Timberlake
You cannot always
get a medal for every good deed you
do.
What do I know
about midnight runs to the chemist and
the pressure of paying school fees
I assumed all women could
cook.
(remember Kenyans 4 Kenya campaign) losing weight is a
privilege that should not be flaunted on
national TV.
to lose weight. The biggest loser ends
up as the winner..only in slim possible.
@momanyijo tafta movie
@momanyijo nko job museum
@momanyijo mojo
at museum
Don’t you just miss those days when
your next door neighbor was Joseph
Mulwa and not Alejandro Waithaka?
Whatever happened to John,
Mary or Ruth? Those simple, nice,
religious names our Parents used to
give us?
i jus love semi coockd cabbage its 101% yuuummyy!!
We compare, we compete. That’s all we ever do.
Habits are the one thing that
separate boys from men and not age.
You can learn a lot from kids when you
pay attention.
when
you find a security guard who is not
smiling or responding to your jokes, it is
best to fall back in ... (more) http://t.co/difkQXNi
People win
enough admirers to start a church after
master minding million dollar scams
that loot public funds..where we headin
I agree with what you are saying
except this why is it okay
for us to call ourselves that?
everyone is proud to
be Kenyan first that includes Barrack
Obama.
There is an unspoken rule..
take
your lions back to the park or we kill
them...r thz brave worriors o jus angry village men
Business news sucks..and if it was
broadcast after the sports..none of us
could wait for it..
To the outsider, we may appear
to be listening keenly but most of the
time is it the newscaster dress sense that is under scrutiny.
And now a look at the
Asian markets, the Nikkei index up by
0.41%….” I start to drift
If you were never great at
figures and dreaded maths in school,
business news always sounds complex.
a phone with a screen that is half the size of a matchbox
They all
switch to sheng whenever they have to speak to me.
we behave like we are deranged when our favourite
team loses, drinking, moaning and
becoming depressed for days.
I was that kid always eager to go shags
during the school holidays because it
represented a space for endless
adventure.
hehehe, i laughed at this till my eyes
watered.great piece on todays youth
culture sir.
aya
the lec is lyk.."there is a rumour goin around tht women n girls r nt intelliget have u hard it?" n evry1 s lyk yeeeess
thz lec z killin me...hihihi
All was well until the DJ in his inspired wisdom decided to
pick up the beat because the bulk of his
crowd ... (more) http://t.co/zOn9Mqbs
After 17, girls abruptly start to believe
that everyone is judging them by their
hair.
What’s life without drama? We are a
generation of drama junkies.
Puts avocado in all types of food,
even crisps. smh.
1 Borrows u a pen n they don’t return n
if the return kifuniko imetafunwa.
Reads your newspaper with you in the
mat and gets angry when you flip over
the page.
bck 2 swahili classes waa! C funny
sitin ön th mst front seats in a mat sometyms triggers th adrenalin..if yo nt th driver
ati 80% of women can't stand workin 4 other women..there nw u have t
u buy a phone at sh1999 wth a free 8GB mem card...thnk bout tht phone coz i thnk u've jus bought th mem card!
people queuein at th safaricom phne shops do come all sorts of questions eish!
learning something new every passing minute
E very now and then , a bit of slang
comes along that draws a bright red
line between young and old.
The path dat leads 2 happiness is xo
narrow that two can not pass unless
they become one!
Totally sleepless got nthng 2 do
standing 3 metres away frm yo dad when yo drank n talkin to em..wth th door 15cm away frm u..cz its th onlx exit in case of emergency.
@April_Entyce thts all tht i need
. I
hate when people tell me, “you just don’t
get it, you’re
confused.” No! I am
not confused, I ... (more) http://t.co/IFpDkTYy
the more we focus on people the better
results we get.
When faced with a person that makes a
claim to know about someone or
something that you find to be ... (more) http://t.co/5GUXrVmy
Create an environment where
people are not afraid.
Let me know if I can
help
it has come a time where respecting people is a mandatory especially those  we love
gat have may b my lst match..coz aftr thz..no more of t..
its bn a long tym since i do wht i do best...FOOTBALL....
can't sleep bt stl wouldn't come off th bed
whts alwys wrng wth hie sch students in town on sunday...th situation s rilly wanting
hehehe how does it fill annoyin a small kid..
what ws i really thinking!!
wooow!..some tooth paste companies do use chili pappers as their core ingridients wtf!
jus need anything to read
when yo happy am happy 2 waeva i am n th receprical way
lets enjoy ourselve b4 issues start..did u c t kamin..
if some1 cn take me bck to clear my mistake...bt since its impossble i'll jus learn thru em
dreams r vry dangerous
nid 2 get forcus now in evry step tht i take
comrades shud channel their energy 2 those helb people thy r missing companionship
jus lying on bed th whole day gives u a mind opener..i lyk
a kewl soft gosspel muzik jus work 4 me at tyms
gettin advice frm dad has alwys bn th best move..if only he undrstnds my situation
there comes a tym u jus ignore yo dad n listen wht yo mom has 2 say..mother child bond
falling wth a thud! Infront of children..xo embarassing..
i'll try n gv my all in the pitch kam our darby 2 morow
zetech hea we come 2morow
Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep.
you do have the power to
make life joyful.
Spending today complaining about yesterday won't make tomorrow any
better.
You can't move forward while looking backward.
I discover what is going on
within me in the moment
I just look around and say, I'm a
mess. I don't know why I do
things.
@April_Entyce You
can't really commit to life when
you feel that swty jus b calm as we work t out
I may not be
the best but I
love you
better than
the rest,
@April_Entyce Saying sorry
can revive
our
relationship
and let it
blossom like before. I miss
you
sweetheart
and I love
you
It’s surprising
to see where
we have
landed
because of a
simple huge mistake,
@April_Entyce You know
that you’re
pretty; you
know that
you’re smart;
you know ... (more) http://t.co/Ualhr1uC
You are the
kindest
person I have
met. Forgive
this fool who
can’t live without you..
@April_Entyce I may have
been wrong
but if I don’t
do this, I’ll
never be
right. I apologize.
1. I'm sorry 2. It's my fault 3. What can I do to
make it right?
@April_Entyce ws th act of th day
Sometimes you need to take a step
back and remember to have fun
together
@momanyijo hehehe its evrywhere
i really love my girlfrnd thts all
cry myself to sleep
Just pray you never run into them
again..its a diffcult tym av bn there 2
be calm and think to
yourself of how the situation may turn
out.
we
don’t run out of examples of where we
believe we’ve been untreated unfairly
in life.
When a girl tells you how many guys she's slept with, multiply it by
three and that's the real number. ... (more) http://t.co/ARJDr2YC
That day
we learned, when your friend flunks,
you feel bad, when he tops, you feel
worse.
@April_Entyce point taken swty
If I am in town ... I will be there..
You just need to make
sure you're ready.
@April_Entyce so true
i'll alwys give u th best
@April_Entyce hehehehe acha izo
Either way they love.
you wake up in
the morning thinking about her and fall
asleep at night with her on your mind.
Sound familiar?
This is not
dependent or obsessive behavior --
trust me..
A solid relationship after six months should include a phone call at
the end of the day...wow!
What should young people do
with their lives today?
Everything that is new or uncommon
raises a pleasure in the imagination,
The only thing that should surprise us is
that there are still some things that can
surprise us.
@April_Entyce yo alwys welcomed swty
They were together in the house. It was
just the two of them
I did three things
today; miss you, miss you
and miss you…
wish it will b 4ever
Come on, just give me your hand. I'll pull you back over.
yesterday ws th best..spending th tym wth gud n worth ppl i loved it
People get annoyed waiting for their turn in a queue but everyones turn comes.
nw am ready 2 rise again
am rly srry 4 tht
@April_Entyce ???
you'll certainly hav lots of fun
i'll jus watch em..nothin much..bt trust me....!!!
@bedan33 piloxa
I'm not going to be that person who
wants one thing their whole life, and
then gets it and complains about.
We should love, not fall in love,
because everything that falls, gets
broken.
I may not have gone where I
intended to go, but I think I have
ended up where I needed to be
In three words I can sum up
everything I've learned about
life: it goes on.
if you
know how you feel, and you so clearly
know what you need to say...then go ahead
So there’s a time for silent, and there a time for waiting your turn.
most of us start to
hesitate, for fear of saying the wrong
thing at the wrong time.
Your problems seem to
be smaller when you have
someone to face them with.
It is life changing and feels great
everybody at least
once is going to have this stupid-
i-dont-know-what-to-do
moment...
Come on! We have a combined IQ of 360 we should be able
to figure out how to get into a stupid
building.
I'm sorry do you speak English...n am lyk wtf
I'm not cleaning anything. And I don't think you should
either.
From now on, you'll have to refer to me as "Sid, Lord of the Flame."
@April_Entyce wht bout t
Are you sure you don't have testicular cancer?
I think the best way to tell the story is by starting at the end,
briefly, then going back to ... (more) http://t.co/ywFZLQP6
You keep hiding from shit in the world, and eventually the world
comes to your front door.
Shake your dicks, this pissing contest is over!
Are you thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?
Did that go the way you thought it was gonna go? Nope.
You have the right to remain silent... but I want to hear you
scream!
When I was on beaver, I used to do very bad things. You guys
know. Most of you were there for it
Just a heads up ladies, I'm beaver-free until further notice. So don't
try to seduce me with your knockers, ... (more) http://t.co/FYDNTZ4e
We call this friendly fire, friendly fucking, or getting
friendly fucked.
Anthony 'Swoff' Swofford: Field fuck! Reporter: What did he just say? Sgt. Siek: He said field fun
says "Thou shalt not kill." But hear this:
FUCK THAT SHIT!
: Will you be able to one day say, "Yea, though I walk through the
valley of the shadow of death, I ... (more) http://t.co/qSHjXFMC
Now to the rest of you, do you have what it takes to be the
meanest, the cruelest, the most sadist
unforgiving mother fuckers
Fuck politics. We're here. All the rest is bullshit.
@April_Entyce n ppl tht lookd lyk trees
hav bn afraid of yo protectors brutality
Man, life's looking pretty good from right here.
Move. I'll put three holes in your head like a bowling ball, big boy.
@April_Entyce thts a reminder
akili ni nywele wazimu ni mohawlk
It's not my fault that you're always a step behind
Tell me one thing that's not in your profile
What do you do when you don't know what to do?
That is the sound of not awesome things
So is it true? Can you see ghosts, like, everywhere all the time?..tht s whn yo drunk mrs.wandange?
You don't need to be hanging around with weird
people, okay? That's a tip.
sam1 heard tht i died..n i ws lyk me 2..any f**k u frnd hehehe
I now pronounce you man and knife..
Don't bullshit an old bullshiter.
my bro shooting your bro out of the window thing. Are
you mad?
I'm tryin' to explain to you that Ronald Reagan was the devil.
Ronald Wilson Reagan? Each of his
names has ... (more) http://t.co/3gWHCAcF
hw does t fll losin yo temper at tyms..
am gud 2 go
jus fl happy
almst done wth th buk
One says, "This is old, and
therefore good." And one says, " This is new, and therefore better.
There are two ways to be
fooled. One is to believe what
isn't true; the other is to refuse to believe what is true.
take a compass
i'll alwys hav my version
i love me lyf
nw thts em...let th game b gin
The length of an essay should be like a woman's mini-skirt. Long enough to cover the subject, but short enough to keep it interesting.
It's always darkest before the dawn. So if you're going steal your neighbor's newspaper that's be the time to do it.
If you ever need anything, don't hesitate to ask. But please, never need anything.
guess I should change my passwords
since ********** is a common one. (I'm
going to change it to *******)
Why is "All Together" written
separately, but "Separately" is
written all together?
Hey, what did you get on your
test?" "98. You?" "Oh... it's not
important"
That awkward moment when you
have to make up an excuse not to
hang out with someone because
you'd rather chill at home
th gud news is tht its a saturday th bad newz  am bored
Dear customer service: First of all,
you should know that I’m typing this
with my middle finger.
People that don't know me think
I'm quiet. People that do, wish I was.
Why do you press
harder on the remote
when the battery is almost
dead?
I'll never understand why anyone
would want to kidnap a child, kids suck
@VkeyIzMe yobz
the woman of israel daughter of jerusalem the respect i hav 4 u will neva end
@sharzysharz hehehe had alxo noted tht
miss u niaxma
once you
say sorry, it just takes the heat out of
the argument...it shud neva b a win-lose fight
understand
what your personal rights are
once you
say sorry, it just takes the heat out of
the argument...it shud neva b a win-lose fight
A man asks a trainer in the gym: "I want 2 impress that beautiful girl ,
which machine can I use?" Trainer
replies: "Use the ATM"
Touch it gently, put two fingers inside, if it's wide use three fingers, make sure
it's wet and rub up and ... (more) http://t.co/IoFnkTh6
Everyone always talks about the early bird. How about the early worm?
How'd that work out for him?
Wife: honey I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear! Husband:
kitchen, living room, dinning room,
patio 4147 up, 905 down  Unknow
I'm pretty sure the whole ladies first thing was created by a guy just to
check out ass.
"Username or Password incorrect." TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A
BITCH
If a profile picture has two ppl in it, the profile belongs to the uglier one.
Smart Man + Smart Woman = Romance. Smart Man + Dumb Woman = Affair.
Dumb Man + Smart Woman = Marriage.
Dumb Man + Dumb Woman =
Pregnancy.
Don't text me while I'm texting you, now I have to change my text.
Okay mom...you know I love you...but I can't accept your friend request on
Facebook.
DAD: Wanna Hear A Joke Son? SON: Yes DAD: Pussy SON: I Don't Get It... DAD:
EXACTLY!
That one annoying relative who comments on everything you do on
Facebook.
The only thing preventing me from smashing my alarm clock this morning
is the fact that its my cellphone.
Laughter is always the best medicine... unless you have diarrhea.
I hate it when I tell someone I'll be there in 15 minutes yet they choose to
call me every half an hour anyway.
Girlfriend: Baby, I'm Pregnant. What Do You Want It To Be? . . . . . . Boyfriend: A Joke.
Everything is made in China. Except for babies. They are made in VaChina.
Boobs: Proof that men can pay attention to two things at once.
If you're a dude and it takes more than 20 seconds to take of your jeans because it's tight,You Gay !
Condoms are just like parents...they are there to protect you, but usually it's
more fun when they're not around.
If you can't afford porn, just turn on women's tennis and shut your eyes...
I will not be impressed with technology until I can download
food from the internet.
Pregnancy tests should read: You're Screwed! or Keep Screwing.
The difference between a woman on her period and a terrorist is that you
can negotiate with a terrorist.
In a nerd wedding, instead of saying 'I do.' They say, 'I accept the terms and
conditions.'
My dad thinks WTF means wow that's fantastic...Today I texted her:
dad I got an A on my English test...my dad said: WTF see you at
dinner.
to Nicki Minaj, how many different facial
expressions do you have?
Tell me what you laugh at and I will tell you who you are,.
I dont make enough money to go on vacation, so I'm just going to get drunk
this weekend until I dont know where I
am.
Men were born between a woman's legs and spend the rest
of their lives trying to get back in them. There's no place like home.
The most common phrase in China: 'Hey! You look familiar!'
I'm going to change my Facebook name to Benefits so when you add someone it'll say 'You
are now friends with benefits!'
I'm not saying you're ugly, I'm just saying you're about 8 beers
away from being my type.
Birth control pills should probably be made for men. Doesn't it make
more sense to unload a gun than to shoot at a bulletproof vest?
Women are magic creatures: they get wet without water,
bleed without being injured, give milk without ... (more) http://t.co/U6gFboSH
China is only winning the Olympics because they made all
the equipment...
Girls are the best vehicles in the world because: 2 beautiful
headlights in front, 2 great bumbers at the ... (more) http://t.co/RydJviyU
God made everything that has life. And the rest is made in China.
Ever had sex while camping? It's fucking in tents.
The awkward moment, when Usain Bolt runs faster than your internet
connection.
My diabetic neighbor died in his sleep. I forgot to wish him 'sweet dreams.'
@April_Entyce did i tell  my rmmate gender at any given tym jana
Welcome to 2012: Presidents are black, rappers are white, and asians play
basketball.
Buy condoms &amp; when the cashier asks do you need a bag? Just say, No she isn't that ugly!
@April_Entyce mesin wth me response 2
In primary sch I was smart, but I didn't have any friends. In high sch, I quit
being smart and started having friends.
I used to keep my college room mate from reading my personal mail by
hiding it in her textbooks.
Graduation Speech: I'd like to thank the internet, Google, Wikipedia,
Microsoft Word, and Copy &amp; Paste....
that akwrd moment durin a test n u dont knw any of the answers, so u jus start loughing because u knw u r screwd
you cover your answers with your
hand so that the teacher cant see how
stupid you are when shiz movin around durin a test.
F.I.N.A.L.S. - F*ck I Never Actually Learned Sh*t.
Dear Math, I am sick and tired of finding your X. Just accept the fact
that she is gone. MOVE ON DUDE!
@April_Entyce yo a porn addict..did u jus interchange th initial  letters frm those 2 words
School is pointless! English? We speak it. History? They're dead, get
over it. Math? We have calculators.
Tell me what you laugh at and I will tell you who you are,.
It takes extreme behavior
and discipline and a strategy of how
other people think and act
Very nicely said.
Love the Day after Day after Day
part...it's that type of discipline that is
the secret sauce.
if you're unhappy,
you're just at one of many stops on a
much longer, much more important
road.
You are YOU... And that is pretty
awesome..
All too often
we define ourselves by a role instead of
by our character...
class full clazy students...did i jus say clazy oh yea clazy lecturer too..
@April_Entyce wow! Xo true.. have neva thought of t anyway.
I text back wen i thnk ts important and i
dnt reply inboxes unless they totally
mek sense to me.
Doing amazing things doesn’t happen
by accident..
you can quit when the going gets
tough, but it’s hard to do that
gracefully
We all have bad days, but that doesn't mean we should take it out on
others.
they sit there on their fat
a--es and can't get laid when they
aren't there.
they feel
that they're extremely powerful
coz they decide whether u can or
cannot see their bosses nqt!!
No one asks permission to
invade your space; they just assume a
right to it.
encounter
people who are inconsiderate and just plain rude...
messy and full of strange, sometimes
embarassing noise
you can get pregnant, catch a
sexually transmitted infection, have
your heart broken or your ego ... (more) http://t.co/PeQAd9j4
And it’s OK to say no, too.
It’s OK to say yes to something you
never thought you would
It is impossible to lick your elbow
(busted) hehehe
almost 159,635 people will die on the same day as u
When a woman dresses up to go out, she puts on a blouse first. Pants come second. Men work it vice versa.
It is illegal to be a prostitute in Siena,
Italy, if your name is Mary
Women own only 1% of the world’s
land
The power of a relationship is with
whom cares less...Does thiz sound real?
Men have a
distinct aversion to any sort of pressure,
says Daily
love playin footsie under the table...
get
your "real life" started.
the best is yet to come.
@April_Entyce hehe 1 fwend cn ply th 2 roles 2 hehehe at tyms
@April_Entyce hehe 1 fwend cn ply th 2 roles 2 hehehe
Suspended from school; and scared to go home,
I'd love to go back to when we played as kids
Give 'em guns, step back, and watch 'em kill each other
You claim to be a player But I fucked your wife
a crazy world
@April_Entyce omG It workd!
If you let me, here's what I'll do I'll take care of you
baby you are the source and cure of it
and it's all over, over, over me
baby, baby i swear (i swear )
@April_Entyce true dat
@April_Entyce u should knw people
Weh you expect mi fi do
yuh wah mi drive or yuh wah fi ride it like a bike Well, yuh haffi ram it hard.
you ah my mista. You ah my miss.
mi a take u fi meet mi madda mi need her fi tell me if a u she prefare
Let me show you who I am, take you pon the corner show you where I'm from
I am rich in love but naturally i'm a pauper, its just you that i'm after
Yeeeeoooooowwwww Up Inna The Club We Gone Again Yeahhh
things r getting better each day
hope 4 th bst 2morrow
From the experiences of your past with the opportunities of your
present you have the power to create a picture of your future.
keep smiling, because life's a beautiful
thing and there's so much to smile
about.
we accept the love we think we
deserve.
When something wonderful happens,
you can’t wait to tell her about it,
knowing she will share in your
excitement.
You know you're in love when
you can't fall asleep because
reality is finally better than your dreams..
We don't make mistakes, just
happy little accidents..
passion n interest will take me through
it ws jus a dream
There is nothing either good or
bad, but thinking makes it so..
May you live every day of your
life..
Let us be grateful to the people
who make us happy..
If you tell the truth, you don't
have to remember anything...
It hurts to let go. Sometimes it
seems the harder you try to hold
on to something or someone the more it wants to get away...
It's no good pretending that
any relationship has a future if
your record collections of disagree.
all i ask jus b true 2 me 4 the sake of u..thnk bout t am nt outa my sence whn i say thz..
I
want to fall asleep, and wake, knowing
my heart is safe. I want to love, and be
loved...
The only sheets I'll ever long for
are my own..gat tht am nt repeatin
I review what I know once
again..
Just go on
as if nothing has happened. We all hate
that...
I didn´t listen. No one
ever listens, it seems to me now. Perhaps people should stop trying to
communicate..bt nt wth my girlfwend..
I´m just not sending out the
right vibe lately...
only i knw wea am headin wth all thiz..
u'll nt understnd t coz i have decided 2 make u nt  understand.. t bliv me..
I want to say, but don´t.   I´ve learned not to
say everything at 21
something I felt but ignored..
Someday I will have revenge. I
know in advance to keep this to
myself, and everyone will be happier.
Is this
how I´m going to spend the rest of my life???
You killed something.
And you killed it when its back was
turned..prety sure no 1 saw u hehehe..vry wrng
These are our lives. You went and
broke our lives..I HAV A FLING
am th fuckin coach  yo jus a player..xo wanna play th game!!!
i hav a feelin thngs r nt gud somewhere...some1 pliz proof me wrng b4 i let  go..
A girl should be two things:
classy and fabulous..
Yesterday is history, tomorrow
is a mystery, today is a gift of
God, which is why we call it the present..
Today was good. Today was
fun. Tomorrow is another one..
I always arrive late at the office,
but I make up for it by leaving
early..
Ask not what you can do for
your country. Ask what’s for
lunch...
I wonder why we think faster than we speak. Probably so
we can think twice..ryt!
Tell the truth haraka, or someone will
tell it for you..
I love you like a fat kid loves
cake!
You know the world is going
crazy when the best rapper is a
white guy, the best golfer is a black guy..
When you're in jail, a good
friend will be trying to bail you
out. A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, 'Damn, twz
fun..
a sign saying 'End-of-the-World Switch.
PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint
wouldn't even have time to dry..
Two wrongs don't make a right,
but they make a good excuse.
.who figured tht..
The reason I talk to myself is
because I’m the only one whose
answers I accept..at tyms
The trouble with having an
open mind, of course, is that
people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
―
she wanted
only time—more and more time
—and he was granted it, nighttimes and daytimes and
nighttimes again..
This made her rare. This made her
precious..
When she don't say anything
more..i knw am in 4 a real sh*t..hehehe i luv mind games at tyms
a handshake  Seconded by a hug changed my evrythin...
I know that when you want to, you can look
more beautiful than anyone I've ever
met.
I want you to know...that you
can trust me..
Time is money, so I went and bought a
rolex...wea th f*ck! s ths money..
Revealing the truth is like lighting a
match, it can bring light or it can set
your world on fire...i don't knw wht my situation was.
I wake up every morning at nine and
grab for the morning paper. Then I look
at the obituary page. If my name is not
on it, I get up.
Early morning cheerfulness can be
extremely obnoxious.
That awkward moment when
somebody says 'awkward.'
I'm telling you a lie in a vicious effort
that you will repeat my lie over and
over until it becomes true..
I want the deepest, darkest, sickest
parts of you that you are afraid to share
with anyone because I love you that
much...
“You against me is like man versus
wild. Me against you is like man versus
child, and I am the man..
Life is beach, I’m just playing in the
sand..
I just want you to know that you
deserve the best. You’re beautiful..madam wandange.
I know your name. Your name is
Unimportant..ryt
Sometimes if you're lucky, someone
comes into your life who'll take up a
place in your heart that no one else can
fill,
I want to wear these pants so I’m
going to wear these pants..yea i do wht i wanna do..
People tellin me I changed, that’s exactly what I’m gettin so I’ll never be
the same...
Turning down the music cause the weed is loud enough already
good things kam in gud tym...i love my girl frnd
@april_entyce wooh! Hi
RT @April_Entyce: @ewandange madam Wandange sez Hi:p!!
They smell what I smoke and ask if I supply and say no..
If you don’t smoke, I don’t know why...hehehe jus kidin..
u don't hav 2 lyk me am nt a facebuk status..
f*uk fake love n halfd assed friends
“A man who treats his woman like a princess is proof that he has been raised by a queen.”
Character is like a tree and reputation
like a shadow. The shadow is what we
think of it; the tree is the real thing.
Do not let Sunday be taken from you If
your soul has no Sunday, it becomes an
orphan.
Change your life today. Don't gamble
on the future, act now, without delay
If another man steals your girl, there's no better revenge than letting him keep
 her. Real ladies can't be stolen.
think twice, you'll commit suicide tryna read my mind..
It's easy to fall into the trap of believing
all the hype that's written about you...
Who knows?
You can never trust the human mind. It's a death trap.
We are dying from overthinking. We
are slowly killing ourselves by thinking
about everything. Think. Think. Think.
she loves me, and I love her.
That's all the hope I need..
Everyone thinks of changing the world,
but no one thinks of changing himself...bt ofcos nt me
If today were the last day of
my life, would I want to do what I am
about to do today? ges yea i wud love th 1 i love
If you do not express your own original
ideas, if you do not listen to your own
being, you will have betrayed yourself.
u may fall when there's no
strength in me..
The reason women don't play football
is because 11 of them would never
wear the same outfit in public.
All women become like their mothers.
That is their tragedy. No man does.
That's his.
Men kick friendship around like a
football, but it doesn't seem to crack.
Women treat it like glass and it goes to
pieces.
Between men and women there is no
friendship possible. There is passion,
enmity, worship, love, but no
friendship.
Only the person who has faith in
himself is able to be faithful to others.
Immature love says: 'I love you because
I need you.' Mature love says 'I need
you because I love you.'
A man is already halfway in love with
any woman who listens to him.
Open your eyes, look within. Are you
satisfied with the life you're living?
Friends can help each other. A true
friend is someone who lets you have
total freedom to be yourself.
I don't hate women - they just
sometimes make me mad.
I don't see myself being special; I just
see myself having more responsibilities
than the next man.
I believe that I often bring out the best
in somebody's talents.
I don't really need to stand out, there's
room for everyone..
be happy and healthy.
I've never had a problem with the way
I look. I'd rather have lunch with my
friends than go to a gym.
whatever u r b a good 1
@mssophie-sophie ule mmoja??
@april_entyce sad bt true tht is at tyms
@april_entyce it all started wth sunday nw monday hehe soon t will evryday sucks
@april_entyce is tht a boyfrnd o a husband
@momanyijo @eddyronz @thugnificent20 a serial killer
@momanyijo @eddyronz @thugnificent20
@davidmorioh @odozze morioh de?
@momanyijo love wll kll u ww hahaha
@thugnificent20 @momanyijo hehe u ppl kam 4 a job..
@momanyijo hd 2..
RT @momanyijo: @EWandange I am bk, finally u evolved n joind twitter ;)
@momanyijo hwz naks
@thugnificent20 mkale n mkare
@thugnificent20
its a monday
