izzigk
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/378800000816140889/efd93fd4444241520433d431b19b8fc7_400x400.jpeg
Freaks and geeks rocks.
Perpetually early. Way less than perpetually late because you have to wait even longer for people.
I just found an unopened beer under my bed.... Score!
Pizza pizza pizza time!
Jack White singing "Jolene" ... A heartbreaker every time.
The kind of day where I'm just waiting for people to post stuff on Instagram.
I haven't been on twitter in months and then in one day both @cezesch and @kirtkrom mention me. I guess it's time to start tweeting again.
I just need to vent for a moment that I cannot stand lowfi acoustic music and modern day indie pop rock crap. Thank you.
@kirtkrom why will you be harassing me?? I'm a good kitten!
@FrancisPospisil hey hey hey hi hi!!!
I remember when all I could do was wait for new tweets to be posted. Now there are so many I can barely read through them all!!
@smjohns91 dude it's gotten so bad but i still love it of course.
@drewross08 oh really?!? Send me a picture.
Last day of class ever. As of 3pm I will no longer be a student! So weird!!!
A lovely chat with Echo and Rachel of Ancient Warfare from Lexington, KY. http://t.co/rN0Zbu1I
#steichenize http://t.co/AUa4402H
Awkwardly standing downtown with no reservations... It's a little busy beeish
Tonight!!! Buenos Crotches will be playing the heights music fest at 11 at Baba Budans!
Some empty voting booths at the Madison bowl! Get out and vote!! #protectvote http://t.co/zmwL8b74
Voter has to vote provisionally because she lost her license. #protectvote
There are 25 voting booths crammed into this little room! #protectvote
Toni Eyrich said "the observers have been wonderful." She has worked the polls since 2008 because she wants to give back. #protectvote
Poll worker said they've only had 20 provisional voters all day but there have been 4 since we've been here. #protectvote
Line went away quickly. Poll workers are well organized and efficient. #protectvote
There's about a 20 minute wait to vote here at the Madison Bowl #protectvote
Extremely cramped quarters at the Madison Bowl voting center. #protectvote http://t.co/lJAKVKAx
Extremely cramped quarters at the Madison Bowl voting center. http://t.co/d8jq835H
@kirtkrom guess what I'll singing all day?? This land is your land! This land is my land!!!!
A bit of a rush is starting up again now at the Skyline Community Center. #protectvote
Only 160 voters have come through the Skyline Community Center. Get out and vote! #protectvote
@izzigk: 6 provisional voters in 2 and a half hours is an improvement from last year at the Skyline Community Center #protectvote
6 provisional voters in 2 and a half hours is an improvement from last year at the Skyline Community Center
Ms. Marie Smith helps voters get checked in with a warm welcome! #protectvote http://t.co/WdQOWIbx
Uh oh... A provisional voter just scanned her ballot. #protectvote
Marie Smith has been working the polls for 32 years. "I enjoy it, I like government." She is a democratic precinct official. #protectvote
Head judge Ms. Marie Smith, just told me that last time they had more provisional ballots than regular ones. #protectvote
It seems to be a closely knit community at the Skyline Community Center. Lots of familiar faces, hugs and warm greetings. #protectvote
So far the two provisional voters at the Skyline Community Center appear to be under 25. Will this be a pattern? #protectvote
Time for work! There's no longer a line at the Skyline Community Center. #protectvote http://t.co/u0A1e5w4
There are empty voting booths but a line to check in. Seems there are some check in issues. #protectvote http://t.co/nM0WihOm
Still a steady flow of people but yet to see a provisional ballot. Hope everything is accurate! #protectvote
Just spoke with the head judge about voting provisionally and landed a better spot to watch the voting! #protectvote http://t.co/VxQXfZsr
Haven't seen any provisional ballots yet at the Skyline Community Center #protectvote
Already a big line but everything seems to be running smoothly so far! #protectvote http://t.co/v8DkUuyC
Just it to the skyline community center in colerain. About to talk to some voters! #protectvote
In the past 2 days I've spent more time in the library than ever in my college career.
Can someone please explain to me why Adam Levine is in American horror story?! Not okay...
@ElliottBord did ken say that? I hope so....
Apparently I don't sleep anymore. This is annoying.
Who in the lizard is at the hookah bar on a sunday night?! You are loud and obnoxious.
Led zeppelin- how I should start off every Sunday morning.
Why are musicians so flakey???
Really obsessed with "hurricane" by the coathangers.
Hello four day weekend. Hittin with @kirtkrom and @HeathSaunders
I get a brain freeze every time I'm in mcmicken. I don't think its necessary to keep the building that cold.
I brushed my hair for the first time in 30 hours just now. Felt great.
Sometimes I pick up my phone with the intention of calling jack white. Then I remember I don't have his number.
After seeing Phantom of the Opera in nyc tonight, I'm inspired to wear a cape everyday.
RT @SPINmagazine: Courtney Love gently reminds Lana Del Rey Nirvana's "Heart-Shaped Box" is about "my vagina": http://t.co/1gdBifML
Hey nyc, what's up?
RT @NME: Bat For Lashes poses nude, unveils new track 'Laura' http://t.co/qIi6DYFe
I'm also glad my best friend is psychic. I was literally just thinking the same thing. Miss you so much @kirtkrom !!!!
KMP. No one cares.
"@SPINmagazine: Coachella cruise confirmed: Pulp, Hot Chip hitting high seas on S.S. Coachella http://t.co/Oz4Pr7h2" badass.
RT @SPINmagazine: Kitty Wells, country trailblazer, dead at 92: http://t.co/EIx2TNzF
Moving dayyyyyy. Can't wait until @HeathSaunders moves upstairs!
I often wish my life was an '80s movie.
RT @NME: Peter Hook to release Joy Division memoir 'Unknown Pleasures' in October http://t.co/snfKbwra
@kirtkrom simba just had the most hilarious poo emergency.
"@NME: Jack White confirms Radiohead recorded new material at his Third Man studio http://t.co/v0bqPppo" @Obviouslee337
I clearly need to start listening to the stone roses, it seems like the british thing to do. #takemetomanchester
"I don't need your prescriptions, I can change my own mood."
Disappointing to find out one of your best friends is an asshole. You can't trust them to keep a beat.
"@NME: Best Coast and Iggy Pop join forces for 'True Blood' soundtrack http://t.co/BKb3ts55" @obviouslee337
@kirtkrom nooooooooo!!!! Come homey class :( simba and I miss you.
Wanda Jackson is the only thing getting me through cleaning my room.
Tonight could be a drinky night.
There are only 3 people in my 4 hour long spanish class... #fml #help
Kinda disappointed with the madmen finale...
Some day I will open my own rock n roll clothing shop.
I think I'm going to start a diy blog.
Simba and I are very sad right now. @kirtkrom
Although I would probably never drink Miller64, I sure enjoy the catchy little song! #tomiller64
Just passed my favorite sign in the country: "used cows for sale." #hellyesamerica
Cobainyyyy http://t.co/kanWYVE0
Welcome back to AMERICA @HeathSaunders
Opening day!!! So excited @kirtkrom @cincinnatilee
Yes, I will be seeing JACK WHITE at the ryman in may!
Waiting in line for my jack white tickets at the ryman...
Our love nest @kirtkrom http://t.co/b4tD5W0l
Fancyyyy @kirtkrom http://t.co/NpgsGA9z
When you see "used cows for sale" you know you're in kentucky.
I get sad when I remember We Are Hex broke up.
I just cannot win today.
I'm confused, its not st patricks day...
RT @SPINmagazine: Michael Davis, bass guitarist for raucous Detroit rock pioneers MC5, died on Friday at 68. http://t.co/XuH2wgOo
Honky tonk horror on repeat in my head
Happy birthday to @ats2589 the coolest cousin in the world!! Love you!
Now41?? Really that hasn't died yet?
@TeamClermont consider @bearcast  radio for sxsw!! Izzi krombholz, music@bearcastradio.com
Only in graphic novels would a kid be blaring the pirates of caribbean theme on his ipod
Just turned on lifetime... Where are you @kirtkrom ???
Just saw someone fall off a barstool... They clearly have a thing for happy hour #wussy
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
@drewross08 cya there!
3 day weekend is 3 mins away
@AriannaPesci ummm hi, this is why we're friends. I love vd.
"@CW_network: Happy Birthday Caroline! Birthdays in Mystic Falls always go off without a hitch, right? tonight 8/7c!" @chelseasparkles
I love #leewest
@chelseasparkles you were awesome at darts!! Love you
Daap has much better people watching than the rest of campus
Today I realized that last names really don't matter for royalty
Yay! This is the kind of winter I like!
So glad my shows are back on
First real day of class and man it's cold on campus.
I cannot wait until I have roommates that do not suck. #hurrysummer
I started the year with blitzen trapper so I think ill end with them
All I've wanted to do today is nap and now I can't fall asleep #fail
Beckoning @ats2589 @MyNameIsWheels @ROSthePrep and @HeathSaunders to bob evans
Quality time at the jiffy lube with @kirtkrom and mother
@HeathSaunders my week with heroin
@HeathSaunders glad you liked it twin cousin! Let's put it to use soon
@ROSthePrep @MyNameIsWheels @ats2589 @HeathSaunders thanks for slaving away in the kitchen while @kirtkrom and I prepare for our wedding
@kirtkrom that wasn't a mcdonalds reference...
@kirtkrom and I'm loving it.
I love wrapping presents. Presents don't love me wrapping them because they always misbehave.
You might find it cheap but you're never gonna find it for free. #loveblitzentrapper
@AriannaPesci well good, we shall make this happen!!
@AriannaPesci how am I just now hearing that you're headed to cincy?!?!
Go back to whatever you were doing before you were making noise
Feeling inspired to make a new album
I just adore rain in november... #whereisthesnow
So because 2011 is almost over means its time to look forward to new albums in 2012
follow my new twitter account the coincides with my blog http://t.co/ZHK8Zzwy, @rocknwomen!
Why is road construction in december a good idea?
good morning starshine, the earth says hellooooooo!
I need a I need a drink
So ready to officially celebrate winter break tonight!!
DONEEEEEEEEEE.
In a few hours it will all be over #winterbreakhurry
I just want to say that I'm excited for Ladyhawke's new album coming March 2012
...Is chuck dead?? @GGInsider
3 down 2 to goooooooooo!
exam week + Izzi = Sad baby squirrel
dead in here
I love beetlejuice
21 bitchesssss. @chelseasparkles she is of age.
Birthday celebrations are the best! @chelseasparkles yay for turning 21!!!!!!
Murphy's wednesdays!!! #yay
I want mac n cheese!
All I want to do is sleep? So why am I still awake? Meow please let me fall asleep.
Southgate House Announces Closure http://t.co/3BsWgS7q /via @wordpressdotcom
rain + this day = bad.
today i picked up a book about boo the cute dog and there were quotes from Khloe Kardashian and Nicki Hilton on the back..........
@NMEmagazine Shilpa Ray & Her Happy Hookers- Teenage and Torture #bestalbumof2011
@spinney that cd is still hanging proudly in the bearcast office... You know why? #fyfe4lyfe
@spinney oh how I miss those days. #fyfe4lyfe
Can you see the real me?
Meow meow meow unicorns!!!!
Lost some respect for Joan Jett when I found out she didn't write "I Love Rock n' Roll"... oh well, she's still cool.
Check out the best female rock albums of 2011! http://t.co/A3PD3XzM
RT @NMEmagazine: 27 classic songs you didn't know were covers http://t.co/RSNxI1bO
RT @PBS: Tonight! Rock out w/ the women who made their mark on America's soundtrack: WOMEN WHO ROCK @ 9/8c http://t.co/x5tNX8i9 #PBSArts
You can't stand me now
@HeathSaunders hi please join me at murphys tonight.
If I had known the fire alarm at ccm would last for so long I would have grabbed my backpack and left.
Costume contest debut day!
I hate traffic!!!!!!!!
Check out my new post on the best 10 female punk songs of the 70's and 80's! http://t.co/TUE6aiuC
Being entertained by a private magician at murphys?? Win #iloveweekends
Yay!! Done at 7 and then its the weekend. Goodbye school, hello murphys.
@kirtkrom I'm glad someone appreciates me genius words
Americaaaaa!!!! I voted today. This land is your land, this land is my land!
I say the right thing but act the wrong way
Meow http://t.co/nzoNm9kv
Vinyl club night!
@AriannaPesci that is the best idea ever. I wish I was with you guys!!!
Ready to move somewhere new
So looking forward to a photo album that will be debuting probably sometime in june 2012
Omg spike isn't british in real life!!
Spoooooky day!!
I'm sad that xander lost his eye in season 7 of buffy
Win... My professor didn't show up in time for our exam
Yikes... Midterms
The secret circle is pretty lame but I'm hooked
Paranormal activity 3 is so creepy!
Check out my new post, a review of the Sounds concert! http://t.co/6goelHxc
i want to buy you something, but i don't have any money
@kirtkrom I dooooo
homework makes me hungry.
men are not &gt;women.
@bigfruitcup i told youuuuuuuu
http://t.co/UFOX3gow  Attached is an article about the first female supergroup- Wild Flag!
some times i see people i went to high school with and think wow... did i really know you? everyone looks so different now.
The new Those Darlins video is super sweet... Check out screws get loose!
i forgot that facebook is a timesuck as soon as school begins...
Survived first day of roller derby bootcamp
i blame my job for having t swift stuck in my head right now...
can't wait to see those darlins at mpmf
Should I jump on the bandwagon of retro rock bands? Nah, I think I'll stick to that good ol' edge.
So excited for the weekend! It's amazing how working 6 days a week can make you really need sunday fundays.
that is just mean.
thank god for summer
i wanna be cat claw
fall on your face in those bad shoes
please get me through this quarter.
Remembering Ian Curtis. Love will tear us apart.
i need to find a way to get to manchester before tomorrow....
@kirtkrom hey it's awesome that you're making skyline dip but... we're getting skyling for dinner tomorrow! doubling up again :)
something strange i have noticed: many albums have the first two tracks that are exactly the same length.
@HeathSaunders so umm..... wanna start a band??
hang in there black beauty!
12:27 must mean something to my life because i always look at the clock at that time.
let's dance
gotta love a wake up call...
i want to see people and i want to see lights
Springtime means no school and all play!! ... I wish.
if it comes down to food or concerts i choose concerts.
So excited to see the Raveonettes tomorrow.
Its so weird how many coincidences constantly happen
Blood Pressures is the best thing ever/
In route to cincinnati
Moo. Texas.
yes it is st. patrick's day. no, this does not mean you can cat call to me as i walk down the street.
Exams need to end pronto.
Exam week... hell yes. Can I just call it sb'11 already??
Shilpa ray is unbelievable live!!
Seeing Shilpa Ray tomorrow... so psyched.
Everytime I leave your side I just want to sleep.
RT @FAC251: Peter Hook & The Light perform Closer for the very first time this coming Wednesday 18th May at The Factory,... http://fb.me ...
Is it bad that I already feel that today is Thursday? I HATE YOU TUESDAY.
Monday Monday...
So good at avoiding life...
hungry hungry kittens.
I am obsessed with the dum dum girls new ep.
one paper down... one to go.
After wednesday i will be one happy kitten... that is if i survive.
Unlike most of America, I am not watching the Oscars tonight. sorry???
Nothing better than a weekend after stuttering through a presentation.
@AriannaPesci ahh Ari I miss and love you!!!
I MADE THIS FOR YOUUUUUUUU.
Only 684 words to go... too bad i have nothing else to write about.
be gone facebook! i need to write a paper!
Well folks I'm going down to St. James Infirmary.
emo day?
So... presidents day means no school right??? I'm gonna take that as a yes.
so pumped about Rhode Lines show last night!
come see Rhode Lines at the Mockbee tomorrow night at 10!!
@chelseasparkles that was me....
dear phone, i hate you right now.
less than a week away from a show at the Mockbee this weekend. come see rhode lines play!
6 months 6 months!!!
my ipod knows me too well... dead weather, white stripes, and raconteurs all in a row.
Sleater Kinney &gt; Bikini Kill
I blame Tobi Vail for this...
I love when my band's songs get stuck in my head.
I have a dent in my collar bone. no. big. deal.
@kirtkrom story of my lifeeeeeee.
is it ok that tonight i'm giving myself the bed time of a 3rd grader?
the majority of stress in my life right now is about how many good shows are happening this spring and how im gonna get tickets to all.
#interpol was awesome last night on conan!!!
If you look too far ahead you can't see the RHODE LINES.
Thursday is my self-proclaimed productive day.
i've never been so excited for spring.
Dear Cincinnati... thank you so much for finally having some good shows on the horizon.
already starting a countdown for the weekend.
I just started an essay that's due on Monday... WHAT IS GOING ON WITH ME??? SINCE WHEN DO I OBSESSIVELY DO HOMEWORK?
Sooo... today my women in rock professor tried to tell us that sid vicious was the singer of the sex pistols.
So excited to see #Interpol in less than a month!!!
there is nothing better than listening to my roxy music record.
she can rage she can rage she can rage she's mad.
Concert time.
snowwwwwwwwww. and records.
i feel like this week is gonna be rough...
2011, you keep getting better and better :)
i'm so glad to see you, 3-day weekend.
The Kills are coming out with a new album this april!!
Can't wait for all the new releases this year!!
I already have a new favorite band for 2011: Shilpa Ray and Her Happy Hookers. Check them out!!!
it's so cold in this house
i feel like this weekend has been about two seconds long.
wait... what's homework?
My sleep patterns are really confusing.
looks like ccm just really wants me to learn about the beatles...
so not ready for this quarter.
hmmm... 2011 what will you bring?
florida today!!! so ready for warmth and water and sun and yay!!!!
last christmas was black and blue but this year is white.
day #13 of winter break... honey goes to the bathroom on my bed. we are no longer friends.
you're right tv delivery men, i have nothing better to do today than wait for you. thanks for being 2 hours late.
The post office at christmas time really makes me concerned about humanity
really really uncomfortable, in more than one way.
gotta love the holiday season... or something like that.
I wanna play bass with as much angst as Peter Hook did before Warsaw became Joy Division.
soo... i loved the snow until i had to scrape off my car and ended up covered and cold :(
i don't know why i can't wake up today.
Timing is always off.
get me through today and tomorrowwwwwwwww.
I always become a perfectionist during exam week. What a pain.
iggy pop.
i ride a gs scooter with my haircut neat.
Can't believe I actually went through with it...
All I want to do today is lay in bed and listen to An American Prayer on vinyl.
i really need a new hobby.
no need to hold on anymore.
damn damn damnnnnnn
oh thanksgiving break... how strange you are.
Black Keys on the radio???? weird....
Soooo ready for a break.
@_alyssa_nicole_ ahahahahha very good one my friend. a very good come back indeed.
you should probably pay me for that picture...
i gotta get out of my mind
i really should start brushing my hair...
It is now cold enough for the furs to come out.
ziggy played guitar
I think I'm having a mid-college crisis...
I hate when I check my email thinking I'll have a notification for a cancelled class and my inbox is empty...
i hate being sickkkkk
Let's go for a drive
Dreading four days apart from Lauren
All day I've had the feeling that I'm in the right place at the wrong time...
Sometimes fate just happens
I don't know why I didn't leave when I had the chance.
if you look to far ahead you can't see the lines
The andy warhol museum is so awesome... another potential future job??
excited to get away this weekend.
I could have never survived in the '50's
society today is so ironic.
music needs to get back into my life right now.
Cold weather=Joy Division
i love my roommates.
Seriously, clifton turns me into a feminist.
people are strange... and creepy.
So it's Halloween... does that mean we go out again tonight?
can't wait to be grungetastic.
i'm really embracing the loner status.
yeah this weekend sucks already. so much for being excited.
it is now the weekend. im pretty excited. i have been released from the pains of midterms.
My spirit is back where it needs to be.
from now on i shall be self sufficient.
i need friends that are willing to play outside at any given moment throughout the day.
I want to ride on a motorcycle and end up at a large body of water.
It's weird that sometimes really upbeat music can keep you from falling apart inside.
Why can't we look the other way?
what a fail of an evening.
Fml... teacher walks in literally at 1215 as we were all getting ready to leave
so we jumped up on the table and shouted, "anarchy!"
i can't focus!!!!!!!!!!!!!a;kshdglkajsldkhgalksdj
Long dayyyyyyyyyyyyy
sometimes i wish i could just restart things
Why do I wake up every morning with "Just Breathe" by Faith Hill in my head? This is a little frightening...
wow, i haven't listened to the clash in forever.
did someone just feed me a lot of sugar or something?
I wanna live by the ocean
Sometimes I just don't know about this whole thing
reinventing myself... no no, just restoring.
im always sorry.
i often think "my mind's not right." Therefore I often find myself singing the song "Abel" by the National.
Shazam saves my life... especially when it identifies I song I already possess.
i love roxy music. epic!
@kirtkrom I love how we have such a sister connection that when you texted me I was literally about to text you.
Come see Free Money(Waiting for Lauren) tonight at Brews and Bands!
my eyes hurt.
i wish the cw had better streaming online so my shows wouldn't get stopped every 5 seconds. grrrrr!!!!
Seeing the national in indy tonight!!
nothing makes me more tired than a random wednesday night.
ah, how the tables have turned.
I need a band name.
Next year, I'm gonna play mpmf!!!!
Fauren link is a n00b #mpmf
Colin is a fox #mpmf
Meow #mpmf
Mpmf is pretty damn awesome. Can't wait for two more nights of it!
Finished with the first day... so excited for bearcast to begin!
oh no... school is finally starting. kill me.
It is way past time for my band to be reunited.
I'm gonna make it before you will.
Rock n' roll pulsing in my mind
People are so corrupt.
Interpol's new album on vinyl... recorded as a 45. Happy day for izzi.
I'm taking labor day very seriously this year by working all weekend.
Reincarnation.
i am tired of working.
This year im not going to miss concerts just because I feel to lazy to go.
patti smith is seriously my hero. she is the person i would be most amazed to meet. i just want to be her. the end.
When you're trying to be so original you shouldn't take your idols that seriously
I hate being torn between daisy and clover
Francis Dunnery tonight! wooooooo!
There are a lot of bands I would like to see that are currently touring. The problem is, none of them are coming to cincinnati. DAMNIT!
Carlos D, please return to Interpol.
i love waiting for lauren and so should you.
yes no yes no yes no? blahhh. yes. no. maybe.
i guess the seventies were good for something... rock n' roll!
well that was bitchin' ;)
I think that this week is going to be really really long.
carry on, love is coming to us all
i honestly thought you were gone forever. is it better to be able to see or to be blind to what you're doing?
time to do some traveling
there is a difference between feminism and equality.
one person could mess it all up
getting into guitar again.
ouchhhhhhhhhhh. i dont like this bee sting business.
tomorrow i shall emerge a new person
i want this week to end already.
DC for the fourth of july. hell yes.
oh no. tired kitten day.
why do i try to please everyone?
csny
i just got a bikini kill cd that literally looks like it's been sitting in the store since 1992
Mama Tried is a seriously great song.
sometimes i get confused and think that it's the sixties. it's definitely not, but i like to be a throwback.
I wish my subconscious would stop trying to kill me.
I want july to begin!
grow up.
@apgress ummm that isn't for certain.
I find it ironic that in "Come As You Are" Curt Cobain sings "And I swear that I don't have a gun" yet he shot himself... obviously he did.
i can't believe interpol would cancel their show! i'm so upset!!!!
someday you will ache like i ache.
ok sub pop is officially the coolest label EVER.
don't be surprised if i love you for all that you are.
musical overload.
i don't want to be no man's woman
meow meow meow meowwwwwww
dear paper, i do not enjoy writing you. go write yourself. thanks.
sleepy kittens.
bob dylan bob dylan!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY
you've been acting awful tough lately, smoking a lot of cigarettes lately.
@lyssaaanicole love you!
@lyssaaanicole oh yeah, reallllll mature.
let's go where no one can see us.
dum dum girls definitely make a good summer soundtrack.
rip fishy, you will be missed
I dig high violet. seriously, it rocks.
my spirits are appropriately low as Ian Curtis thirtieth death anniversary approaches.
time for a show!!!!!! as in waiting for lauren at the mad frog tonight.
dear interpolnyc.com, how am i supposed to look at you when you won't load on my computer? this is, indeed troubling to me.
waiting for lauren live this thursday!
i miss the old white stripes
he asked for a thirteen but they drew a thirty one.
so happy so happy!!!!
this cocorosie album is pretty sweet!
i came to a high place of darkness and light
i can't find the gto's anywhere! i know their album is out there somewhere.
you're the last thing i think about before i fall asleep
can't wait to chill at the red's game with friends!
guess what?? i'm not a robot!
@spinney ummm no you are wrong. Manchester is where its at.
i constantly ask myself why i do not live in manchester. WHY DO I NOT LIVE IN MANCHESTER????
i just want to be.
it is too pretty for my head to hurt today.
i'm a wife in water colors, i can wash away
i want to get signed to third man records. DAMNIT
@lyssaaanicole i'll take you to skyline any day of the week.
@spinney hey you're a tool.
Meow Meow Meow Meowwwwww. that is how every mildred song begins.
way to ruin my life again karen elson.
whoa... mildred is awesome!
when you're dreaming.
oh my! screaming females are coming to columbus in may! YAY!!!
im free as a homeless kitten roaming the streets alone.
those drugs you got won't make you feel better.
not wearing all black again until may 18th!!!
WHAT??? evelyn evelyn does a cover of love will tear us apart???
little boots, you are stuck in my head.
omg omg omg its wednesday!!! 4 days left after this one. im halfway there!
sad kitten week.
happy record store day!
little falcon is great :)
i cannot wait for my bass!
happy kitten
oh my oh my oh my :)
it's funny to read about someone like little boots freaking out about seeing lcd soundsystem... i would freak out to see them both.
i want to be forgotten, and i don't want to be reminded.
rocks.
wild thing
this is the way things begin
why are you bringing me down?
getting outta this mind
jj is cool
i feel sick... i just found out the xx is playing in columbus tonight and i had no idea :(
everyone i know goes away in the end.
desperate don't look good on you, neither does your virtue.
@st_vincent you were amazing tonight, as usual!!! This was my fifth time to see you. Thanks for being such an inspiration.
help im alive my heart keeps beating like a hammer.
Evelyn Evelyn is a lie.
fishy's bowl is sitting empty next to me. it looks very sad.
back in the 513
well california, i will return.
california here we come, right back where we started from
time time time to go to california.
you will make it only if you run
@apgress hey what?
Dear bad movie that i was excited to see... thanks for being postponed and ruining my life.
one exam to gooooooooo. then it's time for california.
you know you've got it if it makes you feel good!
dear exams, you make me very sad. you are not rad.
memories freak me out
you can keep my things, they're coming to take me home
one journey for you but its worth it
i like alyssa's thirty cent necklace.
This is the sioux that i believe in.
hgal;ksdjfkljeijrk;ah;gkjskdjfioejklahgksljdf;klj;adksk;hglskdjf;lakhgsdkljf
that is what is going on in my brain.
women is losers, all the time.
Why does school always turn my love for writing into something i dislike??
@lyssaaanicole and the red queens "off with her head." Remember what the dormouse said.... feed your head.
soooo tired.
i love alyssa albert with all of my heart.
i had a pony, her name was lucifer
where has janis joplin been all my life??? damnnnnnn
perhaps my brain was not equipped to handle school.
listen to my ideas about life.
thank you for being awesome, screaming females.
be my robert mapplethorpe
kittens in the backyard.
i love when your friends tell you who to be friends with. screw that.
you can't save everyone.
connect me to the world.
don't let me fool you.
it's  not a habit, its cool, i feel alive.
sometimes snow is the best thing ever. like when school is cancelled. like today.
run with me.
my best friend in the whole world surprised me by coming into town! yay!!!
i can't even take sundays.
Will today please end?
Love when bad days turn good
Coz im on fire
what a day, what a day. Things change so fast.
I realize now it's all been good, But it's time to see more.
@AmedoriJohn you are brilliant:)
school school cool cool.
Distance fights to take control, nothing saves like rock n' roll
Winter is a killer.
nawww
When you get what you want it isn't what you want at all and when you go back alone, it isn't what you once saw.
shawty what yo name is.
This weekend was amazing. Thank you UC for being awesome.
tired! My body seems to run on a nocturnal schedule.
Today's theme for wardrobe tends to be questionable... many patterns that do not go together.
I don't understand why Miley Cyrus is more famous than Little Boots.
it's time to move onnnnn.
fishy appears to be angry with me.
@dgtlcr Videos displayed e-media's creativity. Great to see everyone's ideas. All were so unique.
gang of four is awesome.
when you wake up what you want always becomes clear.
met annie clark last night. amazing.
going to see st. vincent tonight!
