niccara
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/647162694768824320/HjH5V3VR_400x400.jpg
Going back to bed for an hour or so
@FrancoDragani1 No. My world is purgatory.
I must be living in a different world.
Never had the summer of George.
May be a long night. Want to sleep but can't.
I got a feeling it's gonna be a baaaad day today.
Deja vu.
Feel like I'm having a breakdown.
@FrancaAlfano58 but I've been single 22 years. Got you beat by a few years lol.
Call me the sentimental fool. If I was still married I'd be celebrating my 32nd wedding anniversary today.
I'm f'n hot.
Sometimes u just want to say fuck it.
@FrancaAlfano58 actually he's gotten better. Still needs someone to cook for him. But he's having more better days. We actually talk a lot
@FrancaAlfano58 it's ok. He doesn't garden anymore. He likes to watch CP 24 and the Italian Shows. Also NCIS, Mash, Raymond.
@FrancaAlfano58 too bad. I'd send my dad lol
@FrancaAlfano58 you're right. But can't. #1 no $. #2 I'm an only child and I've got a responsibility to look after my dad.
Boy I need a nice staycation
I'm reliving the 90's.
Tired, burnt out, run down, but responsibilities keep me going. When one is alone u keep going. When all is done then help is volunteered.
Sometimes I wonder why I'm so f'n miserable.
He's definitely in a higher income bracket than I am. http://t.co/bwReEOmG1G
Hey that's my spot. http://t.co/VaKxz4uSEI
I've heard of short vacations but 2 days &amp; back is crazy.
I must be living in the opposite world.
Pissed off. My so called friends - bank, government, utilities, mortgage company keep asking me for money. What do they think I am - a bank.
Sometimes I can't believe the stupidest things people do.
Tired of living like a hermit.
Every time I turn around someone's going away.
Had it.
Thanking God for the birth of my precious little grand daughter Sofia. Brought much needed happiness in my dreary unhappy life.
@FrancaAlfano58 thanks Franca
Que sera, sera
Whatever will be, will be
The future looks crappy to me. 
Que sera, sera
What will be, will be
Long weekend &amp; no $$$$$$. Great combination.
Not gonna be a good long weekend.
R.I.P. Roddy Rowdy Piper.
R.I.P.  A/C. You were too young (12 yrs old) to die.
Damn AC went again. No sleep tonight.
I feel proud that I'm giving back.  1225 consecutive days of looking after my dad. I guess when you're a lone child u have no choice.
1225 consecutive days.
Home to bed. Time to end another wonderful fantastic great bad day.
Sometimes u just want to say f*ck it.
Absolutely nothing good to say.
😞
Working too hard for the shit life I lead. Time to look after myself. Don't need another heart attack. Too much for too little not worth it
Tired. Time to take it more easier. Health is important.
Not happy with Apple today. Really pissed.
Leafs looking good. Going to be a top OHL team. Maybe 1-2 years from challenging for a memorial cup.
Falling apart.
Even Twitter is boring at 3 in the morning.
I need therapy lol. Gonna write a book about my crazy dysfunctional family. Lots of good characters.
Not a happy camper. More u do less you get.
@FrancaAlfano58 I don't mind it. I like when people wonder who the f is that guy.
@FrancaAlfano58 that's boring. When I use my card I feel like I'm getting the celebrity treatment.
@FrancaAlfano58 I'm special. Not everyone gets a card like that.
@FrancaAlfano58 bells, whistles, fire works.
So lucky to have a card that sings when I try to use it.
Instead going forward I go backwards.
It's terrible when you've got nothing good to tweet about.
Three years ago I started my personal care service. Have not missed a day and have not had any help.
RIP Mr. Spock (Leonard Nimoy).
Lone child now, many siblings later.
@StefDeleo Gon see Coongie?
Great family day.
@StefDeleo how about the word Coonge.
1 step forward 5 steps back. No progression, just regression.
Oh my God. Another goal. Now I'm really pissed that I didn't go to the game.
19248 suckers cheering the Stanley Cup winning goal. Gee I wish I was there.
19248 fans in attendance at ACC. Now that's a lot a suckers.
Bravo Don Cherry. Tell it like it is.
Edmonton should score on this penalty kill.
Both teams playing for a loss.
What an exciting game. I'd pay 2000% above face value to see this game at the ACC.
Ready for a big game lol. Let the comedy show begin.
Enjoy the pre game festivities. It's the only thing that's going to be enjoyable.
Go Oilers go.
The Leafs have put the Leafs on IR.
Have a good day.
Who called that stupid play. Must have been an ex leaf coach.
Seattle beat themselves.
Environment Canada says have a snow day tomorrow. Great need few hours off. Then off to home care.
Anybody check the balls to make sure they're properly inflated?
Let's go Seattle.
Can't wait for The Blacklist season premiere.
Go Leafs Go.   Oops wrong game.
Football time.
Gee I should be on strike. I'm a home health care worker. No pay, no vacations, no time off.
Bring back Burkie. At least he's exciting
Another good start for the leafs.
RT @Bell_LetsTalk: The stigma associated with #mentalillness impacts us all. RT this message and Bell will donate 5¢ to #mentalhealth initi…
Is Carlyle still coaching the leafs?
The comedy show begins. When I need a good hearty laugh I watch the leafs.
Great comedy by MLSE.
RT @the_ironsheik: FUCK THE MONDAY http://t.co/s7ZvJl9Tzp
RT @TheView: “Depression is a very hard subject to talk about bc people who haven’t experienced it can be very judgmental.” - Marion Cotill…
Beautiful cold day today.
Best comedy team money can buy?
Toronto Maple Leafs
Great Comedy Teams:
Lewis &amp; Martin, Laurel &amp; Hardy, Abbot &amp; Costello, Toronto Maple Leafs, Wayne &amp; Shuster, Kermit &amp; Miss Piggy.
I've got nothing ...... good to say.
Sure doesn't feel like Christmas
In my sleep. No problem
959 consecutive days of caregiving without missing a day.
Wishing my son Tommy a Happy 30th Birthday.
The best thing about being the only child is you don't have to wait for anybody to show up to eat.
Starting the insomnia again.
Another weekend with no $$$$. I got to stop living large during the week. No more Timmy frozen lemonade.
Thank God I don't have to keep up with the Joneses. I'm having trouble just keeping up with the Simpsons.
Sleepless nights are getting worse.
Just not feeling good tonight.
@FrancaAlfano58 no biscotti. But they gave him a cannoli full of cream with the espresso.
@FrancaAlfano58 done deal. He got espressoed
@FrancaAlfano58 very expensive. Original fare was 1200 euros. Travel agent didn't even help him out. They made the mistake, he pays for it
@FrancaAlfano58 yes. He was pissed. Lost 600 Euros. 2 weeks cost him 1800 euros.
@FrancaAlfano58 only 2 weeks. Paid for 3. He missed his flight on the 30 of July. Came the week after.
@FrancaAlfano58 yes it's private.
@FrancaAlfano58 he's going back Wed. Was supposed to be here for 3 weeks. Travel agent screwed up 1 week. Booked him to come July 30.
@FrancaAlfano58 his aunt owns a business like our MTO. License renewals, transfer ownership of vehicles, vehicle playing, fees for transport
@FrancaAlfano58 I promised him that I may go back next summer. Take the whole family. Even my dad by the ears. Maybe do 3 weeks to a month.
@FrancaAlfano58 I told him that. His girlfriend will give him a full circumcision.
@FrancaAlfano58 he loves it here. Wants to stay but hard to get visa to stay. He's leaving Wednesday. My son took him to Ottawa for 3 days.
@FrancaAlfano58 all depends on how my ex mother in law is doing. Was brought to hospital last night. On death watch.
@FrancaAlfano58 I've only had BBQ 2x this year. So I'm raring to go. Having my cousin from Italy there. My kids are pretty close to him
@FrancaAlfano58 washed out at my Uncle. Tomorrow we'll try at my sons house.
So much for the BBQ today. Maybe tomorrow.
Went to see my mom today. She didn't have time to socialize today. She was busy spinning in her grave lol.
Just great. Another beautiful letter from 1 of my best friends lol. My father is very impressed.
With all the crap I've gone through and the crap I'm going through this superman won't let depression beat him.
Going to bed pissed off as usual. See u all in few hours.
872 days straight I've been looking after my mom first and my dad. No time off, no help. That's what happens when you're a lone child.
Wondering how many times my mother has turned in her grave.
The hits keep coming. Just love them.
Another sleepless night. Maybe I should try sleeping during the day.
Going to work so that I can maintain my lifestyle of the poor and anonymous.
Up at 1am now again at 3:30am. Must be so excited to go to work.
Fantastic long weekend. Blew all my money enjoying myself. Now I need few days to recover.
Great fn weekend.
Gonna be another great long weekend. Got my spot, hat is ready, hope to collect a lot of change.
I'm having amazingly bad years, months, weeks, days. It's been very enjoyable.
Really starting to hate this fucking life
Working to maintain my poverty level.
Need time off. No more superman.
Usually I'm up at 3:30 am. Today I gained an hour and a half. It's gonna be Zombie day for me.
It's terrible, not being able to sleep. Makes for a long miserable day.
Run down. May need some time for r &amp; r.
Feeling crappy today.
Miserable.
Shitty life.
So unhappy.
Up at 2 am. Maybe I should work at night and sleep during the day.
Why is it that Superstars always disappear when games count the most i.e. Crosby, James, Messi etc.
Don't cry for me Argentina.
Balls = taking someone's stuff for safekeeping &amp; not returning it.
So tired.
Anybody want to trade lives/lifestyles.
Life is great. No money, no social life, no vacations, just work and work and take care of mom first then dad.
Running on fumes. Completely run down.
E x h a u s t e d.
See a lot of crying in the stands. More crying after the World Cup. Huge expense to host the World Cup. Nice to see - live above your means
Way to go Germany. Lookin good
There's nothing like taking stuff for safekeeping and then disappearing.
Sometimes it's lonely being an only child.
Why is it that siblings are equal when it comes to receiving, but are not equal when it comes to caring for their parents. Makes no sense.
Yahoo long long weekend is here. Nice to have week off.
Looooong Weekend. Thank God.
Getting bad feelings about things.
Up again at 3 am. Really pissed that I can't sleep again.
Another sleepless night.
Wonder what kinda shit today brings.
Light at the end of the tunnel? Must be a fuckin long tunnel.
Una Vita Miserabile.
Whats a personal care worker that works everyday, weekends, holidays, no vacations or time off charge?
Why is it that people are important only when they are needed for ones own interest.
There's nothing like playing on your phone at 4:30 in the morning.
Great game by Italy. So happy I'm gonna honk my horn lol.
Well at least Italy will get a full 4 years of practice before the next World Cup.
Let's hear the honking.
All right. Nice goal. Keep playing defense Italy.
The only good thing about this game is the time off work.
What a shitty game.
Watching game with old man.
Miserable weekend.
The hits keep getting better &amp; better everyday.
Summer cleaning next week.
😟😩
So glad I worked instead of watching the game. Didn't miss much I guess.
Wishing my dad a happy 82nd Birthday.
Headaches to migraines.
Nash and Crosby must hang around with each other. Great players when games mean nothing, but are invisible when games mean something.
Bye Bye Rangers
Tired.
Who says u can't go home again. I go home 2x a day 7 days a week 365 days a year.
25 years of ground hog day.
Sacrifices will eventually pay off.
Better with the Devil u know then the Devil u don't.
Owe my kids big time.
Spent $6.00 for a battery for a $10.00 watch that my dad wears. I guess my dad wants to save his good watch for when he gets a bit older.
How long will this marriage between Kanye &amp; Kim last. Her last lasted 72 days. Over/under. I say just over. Maybe 75.
A diamond of a gift for my little princess
Can't sleep.
The only good thing today was having a haircut.
I guess Pittsburgh will be a Stanley Cup contender next year again.
22 years of steady losses.
Rock bottom.
Wishing Sharon a Happy 52nd Birthday.
Shitty weekend.
I cooked, we ate, I cleaned up. I now realize I forgot about Grace. I better call my cousin Mary Grace and apologize lol.
It's so nice that my friends (bank, government, etc)  call me daily. I really appreciate their best wishes for me. I'm so lucky.
Thank God the world is round. One day it will roll off my shoulders.
Anybody know of a good Alfa Romeo mechanic.
Frustrated.
Go Leafs Go. Oh shit I'm 15 minutes too late.
So nice to hear the cheers, I mean the boos, well deserved.
Ice at the ACC comes out tomorrow. On behalf of Rogers, Bell and Tannenbaum we thank u suckers for another profitable season.
Leafs are gonna win ..... the right to be the first to tee off when golf season opens.
The roller coaster ride will close for the season in 14 minutes. Hope you enjoyed the ride. See u all next Sept.
Lots of passengers on the Leaf train.
Leafs make every team look great.
Flames will burn the leafs.
Looking for Leaf playoff tickets. I'll pay top price.
C o l d. Need a fur coat.
Got a feeling Leafs are gonna get blown out. Let's say goodbye playoffs. Hello golf season.
Long way for leafs to go to be a good team.
Freezing my ass off
Bye bye playoffs.
Boy leafs are playing great. I really want to go see them at the ACC. Willing to be paid $5,000.00 to go watch.
Happy Anniversary to me. 2 years of looking after my mom and now dad. Never missing a day. 733 days and counting.
Can't believe life turned out like this.
Big headache.
Took the wrong road to happiness.
Exhausted.
Finally Crosby wakes up
All these missed opportunities may come back and haunt Canada. Game should have been over already.
Is Crosby going to show up today?
Nice family day today. Saw the kids, visited my mom, spend time with my dad. Good times. Good memories.
Bench Crosby. Better yet let him watch game in press box. Send a message.
Did team Canada bring any forwards to Sochi?
Anybody see Crosby? Did he ever arrive in Sochi.
Boy can I use a nap.
Finland looks good so far against Canada in hockey.
Great Beatles special tonight. What a great band. Great music.
Feels like I've been up for 4 hours. Oops I have.
Next vehicle will have to be a helicopter.
So happy got govt cheque for $101.00. Party time.
Losing streak continues.
Gonna be long long night. Can't sleep &amp; I'm really tired.
😒😞😣😔😣
Feeling sick. Feel like I went 15 rounds with Mike Tyson.
Let the Kiss concert begin
I'm sure they could have picked a better anthem singer.
Why can't we have Kiss play and have the game during intermission.
Anyone know of a good domestic engineer (cleaning lady).
@FrancaAlfano58 Semantics
@FrancaAlfano58 tired already. We just got started.
Don't u just love this fn weather.
Too much stress &amp; pressure. Need time off on regular basis.
Tired of being bothered by bank &amp; government. Any suggestions. I ran out of excuses.
@StefDeleo unibrow at any age is good. Coongie has had it for 80 years and it looks great.
Beautiful visit with my mom.
What a gloomy day. Foggy. Wet. Nice weather if you're a frog. But at least it's mild.
Boy is it foggy out.
Ready for another Leaf loss?
Hilary Duff splits from Mike Comrie. What happened to my soul mate, my best friend, love of my life, the count downs etc. Looks foolish now.
2014 = 2013. Finished in trouble and maintaining the status quo. Can't support myself but I sure give lawyers a good payday.
Not gonna be a good day today.
Sick, sick, sick.
The Leafs must be on vacation.
Having breakfast, lunch &amp; possibly dinner with the Doctor.
Rushing off to the bank. Got huge cheque for $75.96 from government. Now I can have enjoyable holidays.
Bond marathon today, Star Trek marathon on Sunday. Great holiday tv. Almost makes the holidays with no money bearable.
Leaving home to go home. Long day.
Bed time. Need rest after first night of embarrassment. Tomorrow is second day to be embarrassed.
Happy Birthday Uncle Ernie.
No Santa Claus this year. All my money is tied up in trying to live daily.
Gonna be an unhappy holiday.
New traditions for Christmas. No power. Great for family bonding.
Got a feeling it's gonna be a blue Christmas.
Not looking forward to Christmas &amp; holidays.
Beautiful Christmas letter from the Government wishing me a very merry Christmas.
Jekyll or Hyde playing tonight?
The only good thing about Xmas is the time off from work. Only 2 weeks but better than nothing.
Getting probed. Colonoscopy time. This time I'm getting it up the ass for a good reason.
Crapping the night away.
Taking a shit kicking from life.
I saved a lot this Black Friday. I saved the money I didn't have to spend on shit that I could have saved on.
One if these days I'm gonna live the life of the rich, whether or not I can afford it.
Just falling apart.
Feel so sick.
Going to bed. Too tired. See u in few hours.
So down. Need a 25 foot ladder to climb a 6" curb.
Finally home &amp; going to sleep I hope.
Tired. Stressed. Unhappy. Worried. Rundown.
Again, another sleepless night.
Another sleepless night.
@ileniaaa give her my #
Just headaches, headaches &amp; more headaches. Hope 1 day to have no headaches and a bit of happiness.
Loooooooonnnggg daaaayyyyy. Finally home &amp; going to bed.
At All Souls Day Mass at cemetery. Spending the afternoon with the dead.
Time for the Black List. Great show.
Tired of this crappy lifestyle. Need a woman so I can use as an excuse to do things, I'm too complacent. Woman required to use as excuse.
Nothing like being up at 4am on a Sunday morning.
Pissed off today.
I must be only one that always has trouble with my cards. Every day an adventure.
Happy Birthday Cristina. Love Dad.
Just so unhappy.
Just plain tired.
Want to congratulate my nephew and niece on the baptism of their daughter Emma. Beautiful ceremony and very nice party. Great time.
Tired. I need a 5 year vacation. Then another 2 year vacation to recover.
This energizer bunny is slowing down and the battery charger is broken.
My mom's 1 year memorial mass is on October 30 at 7 pm at Villa Colombo Chapel. 40 Playfair Avenue.
Feel sick. I guess the bacon &amp; eggs for dinner didn't sit to well.
Shitty family life.
Chippin' around, kick my brains 'round the floor
These are the days - it never rains but it pours
Pressure pushing down on me
Pressing down on you, no man ask for
Under pressure that burns a building down. Screaming, "Let me out!"
Italian thanksgiving today. Aglio e olio e bacon.
Happy Birthday Tommy.
Game over. I'm home, no traffic. Priceless.
$500.00 tickets from scalper, $100.00 parking, $200.00 food &amp; drinks, $120.00 souvenirs, $7.00 program. shitty game. Home priceless
Where's the defense?
The embarrassments keep coming. I must spend the most money because it's always me that gets ding ding.  Must be on tight leash.
Anybody know somebody to patch my jeans. 6 pairs all with holes between the legs. It's ok in summer but winter is coming and it gets cold.
Burger King is giving away free French fries on Saturday &amp; Sunday. Now I have a place to eat this weekend. Yahoo free &amp; no cooking for me.
Yahoo. Long weekend started.
I guess somebody cut Rogers off for not paying their bills.
Time for fall/winter cleaning. Lots of garbage to get rid of.
Wishing my Aunt Dina a Happy Birthday.
First time ever that I'm watching your show. I'm hooked. Great show.  #longislandmedium
Theresa  I'd love to have a reading. Lost my mom and I just want to see if she's ok and tell her I love her 1 more time.  #longislandmedium
Would love to hear from my mom    #longislandmedium
Someone should tell the leafs that the game has started. The opening ceremonies which was great, has been over thank God for at least 45 min
Leafs look great. They must have got real pumped up from the opening ceremonies.
I guess they spent too much money. No singer tonight.
What a shitty opening to the home opener.
Life is a bed of roses. Unfortunately I sleep on the thorns.
Always headaches.
Another sleepless night.
@StefDeleo never heard of gorge brown. Is that new?
@StefDeleo what's gorge brown
Up early again. Must be because of the exciting life I lead. I just can't wait to start my day.
Sleepless in Richmond Hill.
Happy Anniversary lol
No life.
What's the f'n point.
Just not feeling good today.
Love the IOS 7 operating system.
Got a bad feeling. Don't think it's gonna be good.
I wonder which girlfriend sent me a registered mail today. Not looking forward to picking it up. Got a feeling it's a break up letter.
I'm so miserable.
So unhappy.
Pressure/stress really eating me up.
Trying to think of good things to tweet about. Can't. So I better not tweet anything at all.
Why is it always me for embarrassments.
Partied out. Going home to bed. Can't take this excitement.
Celebrating my moms birthday.
Living the life of a miserable.
Gas card has its own mind. Sometimes it works and most times it doesn't. I guess my good luck has rubbed off on it.
Really hating life.
First espresso of the day.
Home and ready for sleep. Life is so exciting that it tires me out so much that my bedtime is now the same as a 8 year old child.
Feel sorry for my dad. Was very popular when he had $. When $ disappeared so did everyone.
Why is it that parents are only important when they can give to their children. When they cant give anymore then they're cast aside.
Not sleeping is a real pain in the ass.
Lonely
Ridiculous. Up again at 3:00 am.
Can't believe I'm up again at 3 am.
Mixed feelings/emotions - putting your hands in your pockets and finding only your balls to play with.
Sometimes I wish I was with my mom.
Yesterday woke up at 2:30 am today at 3:15 am.
Tired of being lonely. No family, no money.
What a beautiful ending to a summer I missed. A nice rain. Lets have a BBQ.
Summer is over. Too bad I didn't notice.
Great day today. Criminal Minds marathon. Continues tomorrow. What a great labour day weekend.
GN. Off to bed. Totally exhausted.
So so tired.
Can't believe I'm up early again. Good day or bad day? Smart money is on bad day.
Thank God another bad day gone. Not a happy camper.
The hits/embarrassments just keep on coming.
Tired of getting embarrassed. I must be the only owner of a business that has restrictions placed on him.
"I have a dream" it's called freedom 95.
So tired today. Couldn't sleep. So excited that NSYNC got back together again. It made my year.
Going home. Another shift over. Back at it tomorrow. No surrender. The white flag will not rise lol.
Could use a welfare cheque lol.
Pissed off. Nothing good to tweet.
Don Rickles for Alfred the butler
Hulk Hogan for Batman
Choices to play Batman - Gene Simmons, Barry Gibb, Peter Griffin, Stewie Griffin, Quagmire.
Feels like I'm getting swallowed by quicksand
It's terrible to always fight a losing battle.
The beat goes on and on and on.
😒
My batteries are running really low.
Keep on going. No raising of the white flag.
The hits just keep on coming. Feel like Rocky.
Off to bed. Had enough for 1 day.
It just keeps on getting better.
Miss the days when I was happy.
I wish I was Charlie Harper instead I've become an Alan Harper.
Laying down, not feeling good.
Another one for the embarrassment pile.
I really miss my friends - Queen, Macdonald, Borden, Laurier. Ever since they left family life is terrible. Happy family = many many friends
Going home and to bed. Had fantastic weekend, so tired.
Same shit, all the time.
Living on a prayer &amp; no one's listening.
Not what I had hoped for.
Feel rich. $ 40.00 in my pocket for the long weekend. Time to splurge.
Wow incredible weekend. Lots of socializing, eating out, great friends. Now time to save money. Spent a fortune. Can sleep for a week.
Off to my other job. It's time I pick up the slack. Me &amp; myself haven't had time to enjoy the summer or be with family.
Can't wait until I get older so I can start earning money so I can have money in my pockets.
Going home to bed. Leave it at that.
I got a registered love letter. Can't wait to pick it up.
It's a boy for the Dutchess. I wonder if they'll name him Henry the ninth.
What a feeling it is to go into my pocket and pull out some loose change lol.
Delgado says Blue Jays should have fun in second half of season. I guess first half they were unhappy cashing cheques for doing nothing.
Paris Hilton has found true love. Must be another dick.
I'm living the life of Bill Murray in ground hog day.
Seems like only yesterday. 13 years ago heart attack. 12years ago 3 week vacation.
I owe, I owe, it's off to work I go.
Toronto condo sales drop 46%. What % is it gonna drop if interest rates go up a bit.
Detroit is bankrupt!  18 Billion in debt. Ah the American dream - live above your means and worry about it later.
Lots to say but nothing that is good. It's all shit.
Happy life = happy wife?
Bullshit. Happy life = big bank account.
I hear minimum wage is going up. Can't wait for no wage to follow suit.
More than 100 million for Honest Ed's. Checked my petty cash account and I'm just a bit short.
Loblaws bought Shoppers Drug Mart. Now you can buy your condoms in the sausage section.
Extreme heat alert in Toronto. Lets all go to work naked.
Honest Ed's is for sale. Gonna check my petty cash account to see if I can buy it.
Long long day. So much fun. Chillin with the old man.
Everyday is a cross carrying day.
Not fucking happy.
Why is it that kids feel a sense of entitlement? Especially when they do little to earn it.
Gee too bad I'm not married. I'd love to take my wife to Florida.
I guess it's ok to kill people in Florida. Zimmerman acquitted and he still gets to keep his gun license.
Heading home. Another very exciting day. Have to calm it down a bit.
Thats me in the corner. Thats me in the spotlight. Losing my religion.
It's terrible when you spend days, months looking after someone. You start thinking too much of the past. In my case nothing has changed.
What a coincidence. My parents have 3 kids, I have 3 kids. 1 of my parents kids look after them, 1 of my kids look after me.
I've often wanted to drown my troubles...but my wife won't go swimming.
Losing a wife can be hard....in most cases it can be damn near impossible.
I put an ad on Craigslist saying..Wife wanted.. Next day I got a hundred emails saying take mine.
A laundromat is the worst place to pick up a woman...if she can't afford a washer she sure can't afford to support you.
What's the big deal? Kovalchuk walks away from 77 million. I ran away from tens of dollars.
Want to know if it's love ?........ask yourself would I mind being financially destroyed by this person.
When my Ex and I got divorced we split the house......I got the outside.
It's all fun and games until somebody screams WRONG HOLE !
You can't buy love...but you can pay heavily for it.
I am 2 women short of a threesome
For sale : 1 set of morals...never used.
A laundromat is the worst place to pick up a woman...if she can't afford a washer she sure can't afford to support you.
If you can't laugh at yourself....I will gladly do it for you.
If you can't laugh at yourself then make fun of others.
If I were a dentist I would wear a shirt that said let me put my tool in your mouth...and I will fill your cavity.
Reality is an obstacle to my hallucinations
Where there's a will....I want to be in it.
Even in this economy I have found it very easy to meet expenses...they're  everywhere.
A wise man once told me my one flaw was I cared too much about other peoples feelings . I told him to fuck off !
2013 is already starting to be a good year...won an all expenses paid trip to Gilligan's Island.
A guy told me his wife was an angel....I said you're lucky mine is still alive.
A guy told me he was a man of few words...I said yeah I am married too.
If you can’t afford a doctor, go to an airport - you’ll get a free x-ray and a pat down, and if you mention Al Queda, you get a colonoscopy.
I know I look like I am doing nothing but I am really quite busy on a cellular level.
Non alcohol beer is like going down on your cousin....sure it tastes the same, but it just isn't right.
The difference between sex for money and sex for free is for free costs a hell of a lot more.
A lot of shit is going to happen when pigs learn to fly.
What do hookers and bungee jumping have in common ? If the rubber breaks you're screwed.
A sexy woman is like a 100 dollar bill you don't know how many have had their hands on it but you still want it.
A penis has a sad life. His hair's a mess, his parents are nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his best friends a pussy, &amp; his owner beats him.
When a man opens a car door for a woman she is either new or the car is moving.
Ugly people shouldn't play hard to get...you're already hard to want
How do you make your girlfriend scream during sex ? Call her and tell her.
In order to get 100/100 out of life a man needs 100% talent..whereas a woman needs only 4% talent and the remaining is only 36-24-36 :)
Asked my Wife if I won the lottery what would you do..She said I would take half and leave I said well I won 20 bucks here's 10.
You think 7 years is bad for breaking a mirror....​ Try breaking a condom.
What's the most important question to ask before having safe sex?
What time will your husband be home?
As Elton John says "losing everything is like the sun going down on me. " prophetic words.
Always remember guys no matter how hot she is some guy somewhere is sick and tired of her shit.
Steak and sex are two of my favorite things. I have them both the same
way – bloody and rare.
All you need is love!... or a gun, a shovel &amp; a place to hide the body.
What is the definition​ of Trust?
Two cannibals giving each other a blow job.
How is the 69 position like driving in rush hour traffic ? The asshole is always in front of you.
Wife asked me 'What turns you on more my pretty face or my sexy body?l looked at her for a moment and replied Your sense of humour.
I'm no gentleman, but my erection wears a top hat and monocle
Scotia Bank says I'm richer than I think. Do they know something I don't. Last time I checked I had $24.32 maybe that is rich in their eyes.
Tired of being popular. Bank &amp; government loves to call me. Maybe they need my advice.
Just loving this rain.
Had a craving for chicken wings but couldn't find a place willing to take an IOU. Serves me right for trying to live above my means.
@ImPaulG @niccara that's about it
Truth is I don't have any.
Should I tell them the truth?
People must think I'm Donald Trump. Banks, lawyers, government, kids, etc all calling me regarding money. I guess they value my opinion.
It's terrible to go through life with nothing in pockets.
Goodbye Graboski.
Philly signs Lecavalier to a 5 year - 22.5 million deal. They hope he solves their goaltending problems.
Bargnani is off to the Knicks. Another player run out of town. Whose next?  Toronto fans &amp; media would run Jesus out of town.
After long day of enjoyment and fun finally home to go to sleep
Preds just won the lottery.
Popeye Jones kid off to Nashville.
Is Popeye Jones kid coming to the Raptors.
Wow that was surprising. McKinnon  really excited.
Where's Popeye Jones?
It's time for hype draft day. Lots of hype. Let the bs begin.
If Seguin is traded it should be to a team that plays Toronto the most. He's a superstar against Toronto but crap against other teams.
First 2 great saves by Buffon then a great goal by Diamanti. Italy up 2-1.
Long weekend?  I don't think so. Busy caregiving. No $ to do anything anyways.
Just turned down 5 year 90 million dollar deal. I prefer existing deal lifetime at below poverty level.
Leafs interested in Lecavalier. Why?
Great. Just got $20.00 from my sister. Looks like a great long weekend. Get to enjoy.
Looks like another cashless long weekend.
Going home and to bed. Another eventful night. Life is just getting better and better. Now if I can only find places to go that are free.
Leafs interested in Lecavalier. That's all we need another retread.
Aren't you tired of hearing or reading about the Coyotes. Are they staying or leaving. Who cares. Put the dog down.
Tired, Tired, Tired. Pressure &amp; Stress is killing me. Can't stand having empty pockets.
Sometimes I wish I was Pontious Pilate and just wash my hands.
Can't wait until I grow up. It will be great to have my own car, marry a princess so she can take care of me, take me on vacations
Happy 81st Birthday Dad.
I'm the real dead man walking.
Stress = no work, no money, no family, no social life, no vacations, government &amp; banks knocking on door, caregiving steady, being lonely.
Down and out. Unhappy.
My prospects don't look to good. Shitty past is leading to shitty future
Another sleepless night.
Not a happy camper. Tired of living like a mort di fame.
Hating this life of miserables.
Beautiful day to relax. Saved a lot of non existent money this long weekend.
So nice to spend long weekend as caregiver to my Dad. So nice because I'm so busy all the time
Wow. I scrape up enough change to get a lemonade and a bagel. Times are great.
Off to bed. Long day. See u around 3 am.
Gonna be long long weekend. No $ and no one.
Off to bed.
Feeling sick.
Hate this fkn shit.
Just don't feel good today. Pressure &amp; stress too heavy.
Leafs lose, fans complaining, reporters criticizing, chants of wait till next year. Everything back to normal in good old TO &amp; Leaf Nation.
Who we playing next?
Save me a spot at the 19th hole.
Tee off time 9 am.
Go Leafs Go
Anybody want tickets. $5.000.00 seat for next game. Hurry before they go.
Sequin, Sequin, Sequin. Where's Sequin?
Would love to write a book, an insight into the rise and fall of an immigrant family. I think it would be a best seller.
All big milestones. Need excuse to go away. Wife (lol) apply within.
Debating on whether to take the wife on a vacation. It would have been our 30th anniversary, it is our 20th divorced. 13 since my last vac.
Leafs in trouble. Running out of gas. This could be the game and the series.
Could this be the beginning of the end for the leafs.
Got a bad feeling. Hope it goes away.
Headaches.
No more tweets about the Laffs tonight. They did their best. Just a bad night. Guess they got caught up in all the mass Leaf hysteria.
Reimer says he wants all 4 goals back. I'm sure a few people there want their inflated priced ticket money back too.
All pumped up for Hawaii Five 0. Front row seats, drinks, smoking, electric crowd. Great price for tickets. Already great action.
Are the horns going off. They should. It's a big day today. It's blue &amp; white day. Oops. It's now black and gold night.
Only 10 minutes till Hawaii Five 0. Place is gonna rock.
Gonna be a bigger buzz in the air next game. Ticket prices going up.
Great game. I'm sure those who spent big $ on this game enjoyed it. I heard the great buzz in the air. Maple leaf square is really buzzing.
Lets go Raptors
Lets go Blue Jays
Lets go Leafs. 
Damn strike three, they're out.
all hospitals and clinics are extremely busy. Wait times as long as 16 hours. An epidemic of broken ankles and legs has broken out.
No plans for Saturday. Game 2. Got watch it. It's must see TV.  Yeah right.
Can't wait to hear the call in shows on radio. Every body off the bandwagon.
The car horns are blaring tonight.
I'd like to go to Hawaii. Go leafs go. Keep it up. Vacation is looking good.
Leafs are really playing hard for their vacations. Hope they take me with them.
On the road again. Going up north for very short vacation.
Today marks 6 months that I lost my mother. Always thinking of you mom. Miss you terribly. Love you always.
I'm coming out of the closet. I'm admitting that I'm 100% heterosexual and damn proud of it.
Happy Birthday to the ex.
Morte di fame.
Remembering good times ............that's it. Didn't take too long.
Feeling sick. Bed time.
One good thing about being poor is that u have no false friends. U also have no friends at all.
I realize that I don't miss having a companion. I miss having money. Money = many companions and have a different one every day/night.
Just great. Saw a mouse running through the kitchen. Just what I need, another dependent.
Another sleepless night.
Got nothing good to say.
Can't sleep. What should I tweet about?
Thinking of my mom. Really miss her.
Wrestlemania time.
Happy 11th Birthday Rocky. Really miss you buddy.
Burnt out.
Never experienced a mid life crisis, but I have and still experiencing a buddy can you spare a dime crisis.
Got registered mail again. I'm sure it's not from some princess  wanting to marry me. Got a bad feeling again. deja vu.
Happy Anniversary to me. 1 year ago I started my personal care duties - mother and father. Only missed 1 night due to sickness.
Exhausted!!!!!!!!!!!
It's terrible when you see relatives only at funerals. Unfortunately I've seen them quite a bit over the last few months.
Rushing home to watch Person of Interest. Did u think I was going to say the hockey game?
R.I.P. Riziero Caravaggio
1 year ago today, my mom was diagnosed with cancer.
I think I'm going to write a book based on my life experiences. With all the crap I've been through - good for depression sufferers
The Ironman is going to bed. Hopefully sleep comes, but I'm sure I'll be up in a couple hours. If I am I'm sure I'll tweet
Never thought life would turn against me.
Can't sleep. Feel like I'm one of the walking dead.
Nothing to look forward to. Prospects at being happy - shitty.
Lonely.
Falling apart.
Itsflohenderson
Bitch whipped by Karma. 
But I'm still standing.
Approaching 1 year that I've been caregiving. No days off!!!!!!
Happy Women's Day to all the girls I loved before and to the ones I haven't started loving yet.
Exhausted!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Going to sleep. Realism may be to hard to handle in this Rose Coloured fragile world.
Finally home. Going to bed soon. No TV. So I may do some tweeting - not optimistic, not pessimistic but realism.
Feel like a Morte di fame.
Life is just getting better. Now my TV doesn't work. The hits just keep on coming.
Update. Told the Princess I accept proposal. Start countdown. Only 7300 days to go. I'm so excited.
Princess took me out for fabulous dinner, gave me chocolates, flowers, and a Diamond studded Rolex. Then she proposed. Why did she ruin it.
Happy Valentines Day to my mother in heaven. Always thinking of you.
