BRoberts0107
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/621525252858871808/AewNNeMy_400x400.jpg
RT @NumbersMuncher: As bad as the Lightning Deals are, there's still a waitlist to save 36% on a 16 bar pack of soap! #PrimeDayFail http://…
@kimmaqytube but the tweets are priceless.  I haven't had this much fun in days! #PrimeDayFail
RT @ParentingGeekly: I was too slow and now I'm on the wait list for the 15 pack of Hanes Her Way underpants.  #PrimeDayFail
RT @mechatodzilla: I see people complaining about #PrimeDay but I don't know where else they think they're going to get on a wait list to b…
#PrimeDayFail is like a train wreck - I can't stop looking for deals, even though I know there aren't any. Maybe I'll buy those lentils...
Got all my Christmas shopping done today.  #MomGetsAWristBrace  #PrimeDayFail
RT @birbigs: Dear people who just tweet anger and bile all the time, 

No one's listening. 

Love,
Mike
Proof that #mcdonald's uses real eggs.  Thanks McDonald's.  You're a jerk. http://t.co/lzSDD68h7W
Paul Simon never struck me as the plastic surgery type.  #SNL40
@PetSmart wouldn't accept the coupon @wellnesspetfood sent me.  Guess who's shopping at @Petco from now on?
Turkey Confidential on @NPR @NPR- one of my favorite things on Thanksgiving.  I listen and cook through the whole thing.
@cartalk has made me shed tears before, but never out of genuine sadness.  Condolences to the Magliozzi and NPR families. @NPR #la
RT @paulapoundstone: I'm standing by my phone, and I'm gonna vote for the next candidate who calls me, plus they win a t-shirt.
RT @cartalk: The Camaro debuted on this date in 1966.  You could say we're recalling another GM product.  Check out the ad! http://t.co/lst…
RT @DorsetRachel: 2) What if people with children were asked to justify their 'decision' in the same way those without repeatedly are? @NYM…
RT @MmedeBeauvoir: This is for my knitters... #knitting http://t.co/eo6cwLonFo
Crabcake sandwich: simple, short line, delicious.  Let's do this thing one more time. #LUMENOCITY
Things are really hopping now!  #LUMENOCITY
#LUMENOCITY Here and found one small spot for my chair, but the lawn is crowded already.
@petersagal I read this as "Sanford and Son" and wondered why the renaissance?
Professor: What exactly is this mythical ‘pristine’ alternative to GMOs that presents no risks? http://t.co/Yuf8GJW1Gg via @BeverageDaily
I put a potato in the oven without poking holes in it. If you hear of a house fire that was likely the result of a potato explosion,it's me.
RT @paulapoundstone: #MoreRealisticVideoGameTitles Angry Nerds
We should all go buy Jeeps.  Immediately.  Support #Cosmos .
Time Warner, you are a jerk.  If Comcast buys you, can I have a cable-card?
Microsoft, technology is powerful, but my family had to all buy Macs to get three-way video chat to work. #superbowlcommercials #NotBuyingIt
That is not how you use a pitch pipe!  #superbowlcommercials
Did NOT expect Cheerios to make me laugh out loud.  #superbowl
RT @Snoopy: This is the extended version of the Peanuts #Superbowl commercial that just aired. http://t.co/LdHKzVRnik :)
RT @mollymcnearney: I'd rather be alone than part of a couple that shares an email address.
RT @AlbertBrooks: Since the NSA has my entire search history maybe they could tell me who has the cheapest lawn furniture.
@candicem74 oh hey.  I guess I'm not very good about checking my Twitter!
RT @corrinrenee: Dear all websites ever. My day phone is my evening phone is my home phone is my cell phone. Sincerely, 2013
RT @jimmyfallon: Thank you, ATM fees, for allowing me to buy my own money. #ThankYouNoteFriday
Song stuck in my head: "I don't think you're beau- ti -ful girl." ... Wait. That's not..uh...
Remind me to listen to my Doors cassette tonight.
Apparently my dermatologist went to the Field of Dreams (converse) School of Dermatology. He says if I don't scratch it, it will go away.
RT @henryalford: It's very cool to be under 30, and people over 75 are inherently interesting, but this 30-75 stretch is a bit of a downer.
Listening to NPR this morning, heard Iggy Pop say "that blows." Refreshing.
@clevercatsknit how long is vacation?
For Knitter Eyes Only: YarnEnvy: Fit to Flatter and Revelations! http://t.co/y5raie7y6H
Makes me want to move to Boston.
RT @brizilla: The coordinated fed, state, and local response, training and police work in Boston will be held up as the gold standard.
RT @MoRocca: Let the uncle have at him first.
RT @crazyauntpurl: Only married people think dating sounds fun.
After a craving yesterday for BK onion rings I headed to the drive-thru for a rare indulgence for lunch today.  They gave me French fries.
I don't think Pennsylvania welcomes me.  I didn't see a sign.
I need to spend $.05 more at the apple store to get free shipping.  Maybe I'll buy an iPad.
RT @KnittingRyanG: Hey girl. It's Friday night. Need me to wind anything for you?
RT @AlbertBrooks: North Korea vows preemptive  strike on U.S.  Damn it Dennis, what the hell went on over there?
I got an email from Runner's World titled "Top Your Pancakes with Coffee Butter".  I think running is the right sport for me.
Dammit.  I might have to shovel this year.
iTunes Genius Playlist on Mindy Gledhill "California" includes "Holly Jolly Christmas" by Burl Ives. Wha??
RT @paulapoundstone: February is Spay/Neuter Awareness Month, but I just say "Happy Holidays" because not everyone celebrates it.
RT @mollywood: Oh, dear. CNN anchor asks Bill Nye if Asteroid 2012 DA14 is related to global warming. Bill Nye = perma-gracious. http:// ...
RT @NikkiCoates: 'Granny skills'? Leave it out, bbc. Must we have the 'blimey, people are knitting' story every 2 yrs? (Via @nudeewe) ht ...
@petersagal I became my father.  #iamawoman
Just watched @birbigs 's "Sleepwalk With Me" on Netflix.  Had I known @Henlips was in it I would have made a point to do so sooner.
RT @petersagal: We are all human, and the same under our differences. But I will never, ever understand people who bring nothing to read ...
RT @KayGardiner: Good news for publishing, and knitters: http://t.co/cgThVCYO
@mercedesknits is writing a book!
RT @paulapoundstone: To my way of thinking, a mulch pile in my front yard simply makes your front yard shine brighter.
RT @KayGardiner: Horse commercial FTW!
The clydesdales get me every year.  #sb47
RT @petersagal: Wayne LaPierre thinks the solution is to give every fan a flashlight.
There's a fine line between "doesn't show dirt" and "always looks dirty".  #mykitchenfloor
I traveled 50 miles with my Fitbit, and just earned a badge for it! http://t.co/aA1d1nXr #Fitstats
RT @McYarnpants: If hearing about the murder of 20 kids makes you think "Oh no, my  precious guns!", there is something very wrong with you.
Every time a cashier asks to see the ID of a woman over 30, an angel gets its wings.
No lefse at Ikea. Moving on to big Jungle Jim's, but it looks like I'm either paying for overnight refrig. shipping, or making it myself.
I look like hell today.  Several people have commented.  :(
RT @paulapoundstone: I found a bunch of Apple maps users at the dead end on my street today. I fed them.
RT @paulapoundstone: Twitter just suggested I follow Donald Trump. I wouldn't follow Donald Trump into the gateway to eternal life in pa ...
@FiberTerian thrill steeking! Har!
When I stop to think about it, those water polo hats are pretty funny looking. #olympics
I. Just. Want. To. Go. HOME.  And stay there for a while.
If you're talking nonstop for 5 minutes and the person you're talking "with" hasn't said more than "uh huh"...shut up. She isn't interested.
Watching coverage of World Choir Games, and they showed the edge of May Festival Choir @ opening ceremonies.  I was on TV!
Tickets for @waitwait Don't Tell Me secured.  Be jealous.  Be very very jealous.
Rolo McFlurry fail #4.  1) machine broken.  2) melted.  3) machine "not making ice cream".  4) out of rolos.  My quest is cursed.
OMG. My internet is down and phone is barely able to connect. I am forced to watch live TV. I'll have to bust out some DVDs or maybe a book?
RT @paulapoundstone: BBC says there is a new phone app to "manage stress." I assume you push it and  the phone soars into the nearest la ...
Just heard from Toyota sales guy. My car is coming from Tennessee and should be here tonight. He'll call me when it's ready in the morning.
RT @petersagal: Bet she's a devoted pub radio listener. http://t.co/xclSLuRY
My first year participating in the neighborhood yard sale.  My pile of stuff looked big in the house, pathetic in front yard.
Shopping for accessories for my new car.  Anyone know where I can get Barcelona Red Metallic nail polish?  I want to match.  #prius
Just talked to folks at Toyota dealer.  My car will be here tomorrow at 6.  Yippee !
My dealer's website list the car I want as in stock.  Could it be true?
"@annshayne: Oh wow! It's here! My novel Bowling Avenue is now available. Please tell yer friends. " I got mine!
New Prius ETA Tuesday or Wednesday.  ETA of more specific ETA is Monday.  How shall I survive the suspense all weekend?
At Toyota dealer putting a down payment on my new Prius.  Stay tuned for eta.
I just got carded
Yesterday's Prius test-drive an unqualified success.  I heart technology!
I Know What You Knit Last Summer #craftingmovies
A View to a Kiln #craftingmovies
God, I hate car dealerships.
Waiting for an oil change.  Could it be my last one for this car?
Wendy's is practically perfect now that they have baked sweet potatoes.  They just need a latte/coffee situation to complete the menu.
I think I have a #mayfestival hangover.  Man, do I feel bad this morning.
@InsideSprintNow oh, heaven forbid we talk to our customers.  Nice.
@InsideSprintNow Was it in the context "Customers sure have calmed down since they found ISN"? I think they could learn a lesson.
Bummer.  I didn't win the Antiques Roadshow ticket lottery.  le sigh.
Just pre-ordered the new EVO 4G LTE from Best Buy.  Hooray!
RT @AADskin: Is there a safe way to tan? No! UV light causes skin damage and #skincancer. The only safe tan comes in a bottle. http://t. ...
New spring Interweave: something's different.  Not one item w/ empire waist.  No indication from ed. Eunny anything is afoot.
My Delta AmEx is providing me with a companion certificate.  Think I could use it for Sadie? There is no one else I want to travel with.
@MoRocca It's the first step to recovery.
RT @paulapoundstone: My cat, Wednesday, won't let me catch her to clip her claws. I'll just wait until she's stuck to the carpet.
Cadbury eggs for 90% off also have 90% fewer calories.  True fact.
RT @paulapoundstone: So, the Buffet Rule doesn't involve Margaritas at all?
RT @KayGardiner: When knitters open the door during the Seder, Elizabeth Zimmermann comes in.
RT @thebeautybrains: If you can't pronounce it, it must be evil.  lol  http://t.co/Wh3xQNRg
RT @paulapoundstone: Presidential powers seem to grow during a campaign and shrink in office.
RT @QuiltingMuriel: LOL! Ill. hi school boys set 3 goats free inside school, painted #1, #2, #4. Administrators spent all day looking fo ...
RT @AlbertBrooks: Wanna try something fun? Set the clock ahead 3 hours. It doesn't get dark till 10.
RT @paulapoundstone: Dear Robert Sherman, I was so saddened when we lost you, I had a spoonful of sugar. I don't know how to tell you th ...
RT @crazyauntpurl: We should find a way to make the big chair turnaround on The Voice apply to dating. Really.
Angelina, put your leg back in your dress, and eat something.
I don't know if I've ever been so happy to be home.
@KayGardiner I don't think anyone else understands the #candyheartsrejects concept.  #worst#ever.
Principles of Knitting is In Stock at Amazon.  Watch out for other miracles and/or signs of the apocalypse.
Today's Google Doodle has a sweet and valuable lesson for everybody, whether it's Valentine's day or not.
This is the worst season of #biggestloser ever.  I might not even watch next week.
The Career Builder monkeys make me laugh every time.
Look...Cee Lo's so......sparkly!
RT @TheTweetOfGod: They're voting in Florida. That always bodes well.
RT @Jim_Hamilton: My fortune cookie read "You have the makings of a winner." I also have the makings of a chicken pot pie, that don't me ...
Why don't I buy good cheese more often?  Life is so much better with good cheese.
RT @AlbertBrooks: We wish John Edwards a speedy recovery so he can go to prison in good health.
@jimmyfallon after coming home with a new 'do, my mom said (referring to my stylist) "Is that what you wanted her to do?" Thx Mom #momquotes
Happy new year!  Welcome to 2012!
Disposal and pipes disconnected.  Next stop:  water supply to faucet.
Running the dishwasher 1 more time before replacing the kitchen sink & possibly disabling kitchen plumbing for an indeterminate time.
RT @AlbertBrooks: Does Santa ride a Harley and have a lot of tattoos?  If not, some other fat guy is coming down my chimney.
Breakin' out the stand mixer.  It's cookie time!
RT @QuiltingMuriel: The only true religion, as we all know, is caring for others. If we just pledge that, things can only get better.
Happy winter solstice!  It's all uphill from here.
25 hours before I have to be back at Music Hall.  Whatever shall I do with myself?
Bad news for a knitter:  shooting pain from my hand to my elbow.  This really sucks.  Ouch.
@clevercatsknit I was wondering why everyone stopped tweeting.  I see you're back.
If you need any coffee, just stop by my house.  I have a new Keurig machine, and my desire to brew coffee exceeds my desire to drink it.
Hello, brain?  It's me, Beth.  I'd like to go back to sleep now, ok?  It's early and I don't like it one bit.  Thx.
@Henlips appropriate use of a apostrophe....haven't seen that in a long time.  This is why I love you.
On my way to the grocery store AGAIN.  Apparently I can't even manage turkey dinner for one without considerable effort.
I just figured out where all the carbonation in my first batch of beer went. Opened a bottle and POP beer went everywhere.
I smell pepperoni everywhere I go.  Does that mean I'm having a stroke?
Stuck in my car Again!  I could have parked my car and walked home by now.  Why?  Why?
Having a bad transportation day.  Big car repair bill this am, now I'm stuck because of an accident on the interstate.
When the going gets tough, the tough go to #Target and buy new pajamas.  They're on sale!
World Series is on my tv, but my hands are over my eyes;  I can't watch! #goCards
Watching first season of Biggest Loser on Netflix.  These people are already skinnier than some future contestants are at the finale.
Hooray!  MythBusters is back on Netflix, with new episodes.  That makes this cable-cutter smile.
So, I finally finish knitting a cardigan (twice), then find and buy a shirt to wear it with, and tomorrow's going to be 85 degrees.  Bummer.
I might have purchased over 15 pounds of apples while on vacation.  Pie, crisp, sauce, tart?
Oops.  I let Sadie sleep in until 10:30, and then she drank the last third of my coffee.  This should be interesting.
Wierd.  Went shopping for vacation food; never shopped for a week's worth of food for me before.  Forgot the Halloween Oreos.
What's Latin for "I'll sleep when I'm dead"?
I think the guys in my lab are listening to a Ross Geller album.
Wendy's new Asian Firecracker salad:  yum!  Spicy.
What is the male version of "lady friend"?  "Gentleman cohort"?  "Man companion"?  "Dude buddy"?
I'm glad it's here, but Fall really makes me want to take a nap.
Just reading along, reached the phrase "expatriated to Argentina" and immediately thought "that sounds good.  Let's do that."
My fleece is here!  My fleece is here!
Honey Ale is young and boozy, but shows great promise.  I knew I should wait another week to try it, but I have no self-control.
Just reserved a cottage for Sadie and me for a week...my first vaca in a long long time. Thanks to everyone who gave suggestions and help.
Yesterday was so hot, I still want to have ice cream for dinner tonight.
RT @MoRocca: To bring a sense of calm consideration to Washington I'm starting the Chamomile Party. Join me!
Bavarian Wheat may have failed due to technical difficulties, but Honey Ale is showing great promise.
Official notice:  critical beer bottle inventory has been achieved.  Donations of only plain generic brown bottles requested.  Thanks!
It's beer-bottling time!  Bavarian Wheat will be ready to drink in three weeks.
Apparently reuniting takes a lot out of me.  Reunion was fun, but I'm exhausted.  Even cashier at airport parking lot said I look tired.
Could it be?  A seat to myself?  It's a reunion miracle!
IT IS JULY 21st!  Time to give up on firecrackers!  You are driving the neighborhood dogs crazy!
Oops.  I bought another Greensleeves spindle.  I either have a problem or a collection.
Date #2 and he did not seem daunted by my frizzy, frizzy hair.  Brilliant.
Would somebody find a vaca cottage for me? Small, full kitchen, cheap, not wood-paneled or "rustic", within driving distance, takes pets.Tkx
Last night's chicken teriyaki was so good, I can't wait to get home for leftovers.
@MoRocca Not embarrassed enough to not tweet it, apparently...
Hanging out on the back porch, finally enjoying the furniture I got last summer after re-covering the cushions.
Kitchen is totally clean and ready for guests tomorrow.  I can think of no better excuse to eat out tonight.
I think I'm just going to have ice cream for dinner.  Any objections?
Can I tell you how much I love tracking packages?  I have three on the way right now and the suspense is killing me.
Wow.  It's as dark as night out there.  Kind of makes me nervous sitting by a giant window.
@RicochetRed indeed.  So many things...."if only I could find someone to drive me around."
I wish.  RT @preschoolgems: "If grown ups show their underwear in public, then they have to go to jail." (via @KayGardiner)
Weekday, Take 2:  let's be sure the alarm is set correctly this time.
@YarnHarlot I don't think there is a standard, or maybe we make up our own standards, or maybe we just don't pay attention to standards.
Just got tracking info for my new grill, and it's already delivered!  Hoorah!
I couldn't be more thrilled.  My favorite coffee for espresso, at my local Remake store!  Hurrah! http://t.co/b4wE3lS
#mayfestival is officially over for the year. I'm going to take an hour for the luxury of watching tv; my TiVo is at 100% full.
Today at lunch: Energy Drink of Desperation.  Must. Not. Nap. At. Work.  #mayfestival survival
I really want to get some sleep, but I also really want to watch The Biggest Loser finale on TiVo. Life is full of such difficult choices.
Do you think if you got raptured you'd have time to tweet about it?  How will I know if anyone's gone?
Next Great Starbucks Move: Coffee Delivery.  Please...???
Didn't realize how tired I am until I tried to go upstairs.  It was almost like I was hungover.  #mayfestival
#mayfestival Day Five:  sore throat, possibly a virus.  Nice.
It's #MayFestival day 4 and I already have a twitchy eye.
Hooray!  Electricity is back.  Too bad the sheriff is nowhere to be found.  I guess the excitement is over.
Electricity is out for no apparent reason.  County sheriff looking for someone across the street.   What an interesting evening.
Blergh. New Jordana Paige bag arrived today, but one of the loops wasn't sewn correctly and I'll have to return it. No new purse for me yet.
Safely home after one of the best weekends ever.
Didn't know Pugs had the temperament to be service dogs, but here's the proof. http://t.co/Zdxly3V
Back at Gwen's to relax with our new fiber finds.
We're done.  Heading back after 6 hours at the festival.
Check it out on Etsy.
Hobledehoy Fibers.  Gorgeous! http://t.co/ha26A4p
About to make my first gotta-have-it purchase.  Bfl/silk roving in "primrose" from Hobbledehoy fibers.
Approaching MD Sheep & Wool Festival.  Hooray!
It must be sleepy-time at Dayton International.  Few people here, about half are sleeping.
An hour and a half until I'm outta here and on my way to my first MDSW.  So excited!
I'm flying US Airways tomorrow, and just realized I won't be getting my usual Biscoff cookies from Delta.  Sad face, indeed.  :(
Batch 1 bottled.  What a mess.  Now I wait again.  Good/bad news: only got 48 bottles, so I have six empties for the next batch.
Taking strangers' beer bottles not all it's cracked up 2 B. This is what drinking my grandpa's empties when I was a little girl has come to.
Out on my run I saw 3 6 packs of bottles in my neighbor's recycling. As soon as it gets dark I'm sneaking out and taking them.
I just remembered that I do not have rehearsal tonight.  Whatever shall I do with all the free time?
Which will help me feel better: a run in the dark and the rain, or a beer?  Decisions, decisions.
@clevercatsknit I was just kidding.  There's no rush for at least two weeks.  :)
@clevercatsknit Don't be surprised if you find me on your front porch looking for bottles.
Ahh, the satisfying gurgle of a bubbling air lock: batch 2 is under way.
It's a great day to work hard around the house, then go out to dinner and relax with my honey.  The work is done, any takers to be Honey?
Same as last time: I will not be getting up early.  Different: I set my TiVo, and I have tomorrow off (for unrelated reasons). #royalwedding
Sirens.  Again.  Down in the storm shelter at work.
@clevercatsknit I want to knit my new Helen's Lace shawl.  It's a simple, yet interesting pattern, in delightful yarn.
Second beer kit is here!  Boundary Waters Wheat.
Started a new shawl tonight while watching "Eat, Pray, Love"; I'll need to watch the movie 32 more times to finish it.
Three out of four offensively large decorative grasses removed from front yard; what a difference.
Time was, you could count on Walgreen's to carry every candy under the sun.  Those days are gone, my friends.  Gone.
The neighbors who let their cats wander the neighborhood...got a dog they let wander the neighborhood.
And now we wait.  And clean up the kitchen.
It's brew time!
It's a miracle.  I found a new pair of jeans.
Tomorrow's breakfast: yeasted waffles, in honor of my new grain-and-yeast-based hobby.  #likeaholeinmyhead
Beer brewing kit arrived today.  This is going to be So Much Fun.  Possibly the coolest thing I've ever done.
Christmas is coming!  Christmas is coming!  At least, that's what the weather says....
Really did a number on my back this time.  Too bad I don't know how.  Hopefully I can get out of bed in the morning....
Today's irony: the snow in the yard emphasizes how badly it needs to be mowed, but can't mow grass with snow in the yard.
Bought my second pair of running shoes today at a real running store with real help, but they're still Saucony and they're still pink!
@clevercatsknit I've got one that comes and goes today, too.  Think it helps I took the day off.
View from St. P's Day: fat man in a crumpled shiny green plastic hat, smoking a cigar, sitting on a fire hydrant, watchin' the world go by.
@RicochetRed here's my wacky neither-crocus-nor-iris: http://t.co/CjZ2bmK http://t.co/Nhd7Obb
@ricochred My baby iris-cum-crocus has popped up and shown itself again this year.  :)
This carwash smells strongly of bubble gum.
@lieslnky Sweet!  Some more people signed up, but the more cushion the better.
@clevercatsknit That's so good to hear!  I'm sure it will make for a happier birthday.
It's so dark and dreary today.  I just want to curl up with some knitting and hot chocolate.
@ricochred I think I might have to make the time/exercise plans.  Hard to resist.
@RicochetRed Good to hear!
I am convinced Target puts crack in their Market Pantry fruit snacks.  Irresistible!
This Skinny Caramel Latte is not scratching my itch.  Never again.
Best thing I've read all day: "Can you substitute bacon grease for butter? Sure; either option is tasty."  Words of wisdom, truly.
March, so far you are not living up to the standards set by February.  Better pick up the pace.
@RicochetRed plus, it's close to work so I do a lot of household shopping @ lunch.
@RicochetRed no problemo.  I've been shopping @ Target since I was little.  Good stuff, good prices, clean and pleasant.  I heart Target!
@RicochetRed I go to Target twice a day.  Don't be silly.  Target is my happy place.
@RicochetRed I will get you some gloves.  :)
@RicochetRed Does he know that the section one passes on the way into the store, right past the carts, is the dollar section?
Lost 10 lbs., went on date-like event that didn't suck, and today everybody loves my hair, even though I slept on it.  Nice work, Feb 2011.
@RicochetRed Confirmed: gloves are 2 big for me. They're the dipped-in-rubber type. I should've bought extra pair, but thought of it 2 late.
@RicochetRed they are one size.  They are packaged in such a way that I can't try them on, but seem too large for me.  I'll keep you posted.
@RicochetRed Heads up: Target has gardening gloves in $1bin.  I'm sure you get what you pay for, but I think you can't have too many?
@clevercatsknit watching Community.  This episode they mentioned getting Firefly back on the air. It's so Lisa-appropo lately.
Subway out of lite lemonade, forced to get ch. coke. Will mess up calorie total for the day but will feel So Good.  Sugar! Caffeine! Hurrah!
@RicochetRed That is one book I wouldn't want on my Nook....drool is not good for electronics.
@JennyBellsKH Did you find any guild officers there?  We're getting desperate.
Another sweltering day at the salt mines.  I don't know if I can stand another day of this.
@RicochetRed Yeah.  It just makes my cheap heart happy to be getting my money's worth.  Sort of.
Mission accomplished:  6 more months free at Match.com.  I KNEW I wouldn't find anyone "special".  Ha!
Anyone else feel like it should be Friday?  It really feels like Friday, and I am very upset that it's not.
RT @crazyauntpurl: Happy Day Before 1/2 Off Chocolate Day!
Good news: Wii balance board is in the house.  Bad news: an accurate scale is in the house.  There are facts to be faced.
@clevercatsknit it's a different show.  I didn't like it at first either, but now that I know the characters and the tone I enjoy it.
@clevercatsknit No, that's it.  No more references, even.  Glad you liked it!
@clevercatsknit keep watching.
@RicochetRed @clevercatsknit I've seen the commercials, but haven't caught the show.  Tivo is set.
@clevercatsknit it's on NBC Thursday nights.  The first part of this week's episode I think you'd like.
@clevercatsknit do you watch Community?  If not you might want to take in this week's episode.  At least the beginning.
@clevercatsknit @RicochetRed I think I've heard of this place.  If they know what a 60QQ is, I bet they can help better than lane bryant.
@clevercatsknit no farther than before.  Only one chapter in.
Ok.  So now I have a Wii.  I have no games for the Wii.  What next?  Emergency trip to Target.
Today is a day I'd like to go out and nap in my car.
First Super Bowl commercial to make me laugh out loud: House.
Headache this AM vaporized in time for me to (nearly) finish a mountain of work today.  Now that I'm home the headache is back.  Not fair.
@Henlips Get an office job.  Then it even comes out of a dirty coffee maker.  Bonus!
It's taking longer to get through the drive-through @ McDonald's than it took to renew my tags on the last day of the month.
just ran 2.4 mi in 34 mins 42 secs and burned 332 calories on 1/29/11 at 3:49 PM #cardiotrainer
@clevercatsknit I mean: it took them years to figure out what the metallic taste was.  It was fake pine nuts.
@clevercatsknit it took them years to figure it out, but yes, some pine nuts from China aren't really real pine nuts.
@clevercatsknit FYI: Only fake chinese pine nuts will do it.
I just found $1.50!  What should I buy?
@clevercatsknit As long as you have water, I'm good.  :)  Otherwise any wine or non-diet pop works.
Note to self & others:  Meijer is mushroom headquarters in NKY, both freshand dried.
@clevercatsknit Because it helps me get five responses a month, to get six free months.  I'm just cheap.
...and...  Just sent a response on Match.com using the word "misogyny"... yeah... I don't think this is working out so well.
@clevercatsknit I think I have 8's for one of my lace projects, but usually use 6's for sock weight.
@JoJo296 Sara, please don't say things like this.
@RicochetRed It might just air out.  I've certainly come home smoky many times and don't recall having to wash my coat etc.
New kitchen light installed, without getting electrocuted or burning the house down.  Go me.
Hauled my ass out of bed and made it to First Watch.  Now I will have to stay until my toes thaw and I can feel them again.
@RicochetRed I have neither peanut oil nor bacon. (How about pepperoni?) Non-fancy is fine with me.
@RicochetRed odds are, by am this will be forgotten, i'll sleep too late for any of the above, and I will have stale b-day cake for b'fast.
@RicochetRed I make a mean Denver omelet myself, but feeling lazy.  And maybe I want sides.  I think first watch is in order.
Thinkin' a Denver omelet is in order.  Where to go...where to go?  (Tomorrow AM, of course.)
@lieslnky I know it is for me.  :)
@lieslnky I just use the instructions on the oat package.  Mine say one cup oats to three cups water.
@lieslnky no.  i don't think i ever have.
@clevercatsknit @richochetred How about next Friday?
@RicochetRed @clevercatsknit maybe tomorrow or next weekend?
@clevercatsknit We could go Sunday afternoon?
@RicochetRed at least you missed a party that didn't happen.  Perhaps we can reschedule.
@RicochetRed yes yes so far my trip home it is very very slow.  dinner effectively canceled
To my local friends: don't forget you're welcome to join me tonight for my birthday at keystone in Covington. Still looking for a ride...
How come you never see chick drummers?
OMG.  I'm caught up on my email.  That hasn't happened since before Thanksgiving.  Yikes.
Two feet of snow in Minneapolis: http://twitpic.com/3n1l92
@RicochetRed And it's another item that was available at Bigg's, but no longer.  :(
@RicochetRed but if anyone asks, I'm turning 29.
@RicochetRed It is merely an even number, but I'm feeling celebratory never-the-less.
@RicochetRed The more the merrier!  I invited my Meetup group, too.
Birthday dinner 4 me: Friday, 7:00, Keystone B&G, Covington KY.  Be there or be square!
De-sparkled and ready for bed.  So far, so good, 2011.
At Target, my Happy Place.
At least my dog still loves me.  I think.
@clevercatsknit oops.  Didn't realize you already had answers.  Never mind.  :)
@clevercatsknit yes R to L.  Don't you knit R to L?
My dog loves creme brulee.  Go figure.
@clevercatsknit what a productive day I've had, huh? ;)  Time for bed for me.
@clevercatsknit Glad you enjoyed it!
@clevercatsknit I'm not sure, I haven't read it yet, but I think we just cook in a geeky manner.  I'll keep you posted.
@clevercatsknit you are a geek.  I got "Cooking for Geeks" but you have me beat.
@clevercatsknit I think she's a riot, and she has 2 books (one I have).  I've thought about taking part but it will be more fun w/ a friend.
@BRoberts0107 it's http://bit.ly/gS5Py2. She will pick out the next book in Jan after the holidays.  The last discussion was Dec 13.
@clevercatsknit do you read crazyauntpurl's blog? She has a book club we could piggy-back on.
@clevercatsknit we should have a book club.
@clevercatsknit No offense taken. I read them when I was 7 & didn't get any of it. I just don't know how 1 wld take resurrection out of LWW.
@clevercatsknit No,let me rewatch & figure it out myself. If you edited LWW, you'd have no story. How could U edit it out of PC?(Rhetorical)
@clevercatsknit Really?  I don't even know what they are. But I'm notoriously dense to these things. Someone had to explain Rosebud to me.
2 grocery stores, 1 butcher, 3 liquor stores, 3 hours, and I have what I want for my Xmas dinner. Remind me to shop in Nov. next year.
Hurrah! Just found a small cache of Bissinger's chocolates in Cincy!  Merry Christmas to me.
Buying meat at the grocery is such a pita.  They never have what the recipe calls for.
@BRoberts0107 actually, i cook, then eat, then go to the movie, so later is better, but 3 is fine.
@clevercatsknit I think I prefer 3 or 5:50.  Need time to cook my fancy dinner.
@clevercatsknit I'd rather see Narnia, but Gulliver is ok too, if that's what everyone else wants to see.
Looks like Christmas at my house.  Finally. http://twitpic.com/3hbf9z
@clevercatsknit @lieslnky I must have movie ESP.  Just finished Miracle on 34th Street, too.
@lieslnky In all honesty, I find it quite hokey, but it was cheap @ Target, and sometimes one is in the mood for hokey, espec. @ Christmas.
@clevercatsknit True that.  Cute mittens!
@clevercatsknit you should make some wrist warmers and kill a couple of birds w/ one project.
@lieslnky too funny:  I'm watching it now too!
@RicochetRed yes, the driveway block is an as-of-yet unavoidable maneuver even in MN.
@RicochetRed it stopped snowing here a long time ago.  Went out for lunch and the roads were just wet; no biggie.
On my way out for a run, almost as bundled up as a person can be and still move their legs.  Wish me luck.
@clevercatsknit mine is sunbeam, and I just turn it on while I'm getting ready for bed. Once I'm in it, the bed stays warm w/o electric.
@RicochetRed Indeed, indeed.  Stories to tell, and it was a good time with the Princess & the Peanut.
Back on the ground @ CVG.
I have not been this cold in a long long time.  My handknits don't stand a chance in this.
Snowiest December day on record in Minneapolis yesterday.  Glad I could be here for M's big day.
In the motherland waiting to get slammed with a blizzard.  But if I have to get stuck, a hotel with my niece and nephew is hard to beat.
@clevercatsknit you should use this picture for your ravatar!  I love it.
33 hours since the last random reboot on my phone.  What a miracle.  :/
It's Cuties season!
@clevercatsknit I don't think even I eat them that fast!
@clevercatsknit That would be awesome!  At least a dispenser would slow down my rapid skittle ingestion.
New seasonal favorite: Bell's Winter White Ale.  Yumm-o!
Sadie's been home 10 minutes and already asleep on the couch.  That's one tired puppy!
Hello Minneapolis!  Glad to see you are no longer snowing.
Wisdom from the Sioux Falls airport gift shop: "When the chips are down the buffalo is empty."
@RicochetRed Thanks!  So far, so good.  I seem to be leaving right ahead of a storm.
Thanksgiving saved...Dad fixed the oven (well enough to cook the turkey, at least.)   Meal went off without any other hitches.
Thanksgiving festivities begin, with a malfunctioning oven.  Unfortunately, Broiling is an inappropriate cooking method for a whole turkey.
@clevercatsknit as long as you don't count on actually eating lemon chiffon pie, everything will be fine.
@RicochetRed yup.  On the ground at MSP for a few more minutes then on to SD.  Will be back Monday.
Through CVG w/ no incident.  Might even have a seat to myself!  Oops. Someone just sat next to me.  :(
Would somebody please open a coffee shop between my house and work, preferably with a drive-through?  Thanks!
@RicochetRed I passed it off to Jenna.  No worries.
My first tweet from a 4G connection.  Hooray!  I'm not sure why i'm so excited, but I am.
Bummer.  Goats milk caramels I picked up @ Sur la Table taste, well....pretty goaty.  Free range, indeed.
@RicochetRed And you don't have to tell anyone they're not homemade; no one will ever know.  Yum!
I'm so busy I could cry.
It's 34 degrees out, and I just got back from a run.  Crazytown is me.
@RicochetRed Oh definitely.  I just thought it was funny to see rack after rack of that style.
@RicochetRed do you remember getting a picture I sent of the winter hat racks @ Dick's?
@clevercatsknit oddly enough, since it's guild day, I don't have a headache.
@clevercatsknit I'm glad he's able to get some sleep.
@clevercatsknit we know you'd do the same for us.
@lieslnky @clevercatsknit where should we go?  Any time works for me.
Twinkie diet helps nutrition professor lose 27 pounds - http://bit.ly/cY6RLp #cnn
@lieslnky @clevercatsknit may I join you?
It's only 6:45, why does it feel so late?  Oh, right.
@lieslnky Speaking of spending $ on clothes: just dropped $200 @ Dick's.  Better keep me warm.
@JoJo296 Hey Sara.  Why so bored?
@RicochetRed Thoughts and prayers to you and your family.
If I hear one more person say "the American people" when they mean "the 1/2 of the American people who voted for me" I'm gonna throw up.
@clevercatsknit You should move to Kentucky with me.  Then your disappointment is never accompanied by surprise.
All right.  All flu-shotted up for the year.
A Snack Cake a Day Keeps the Doctor Away?: http://t.co/Nt3O5Xy
@clevercatsknit they sent us home, and a peek of the sun greeted me as I pulled in.  Irony.
Alright.  No power @ work.  Amazing how little we do w/o computers.
Fixing my Mac continues; tonight's problem, iPhoto, fixed.  Headed to bed. Finally.
Can anyone think of any reason there would be fireworks going off in my neighborhood?  Sadie's barking @ them is giving me a headache.
@clevercatsknit what place is that?
My computer is down for a few days and I end up with 100 emails to deal with.  Slowly but surely....
@lieslnky I must admit it took me a little while to figure out you weren't spinning fiber into yarn.
Been working on it all night and finally I feel ready to restore the Mac to the last backup.  2.5 years: I can't really complain.
@clevercatsknit Your pictures do always look very nice.  I should have you model my stuff too, now that I think of it.
Re: $10000 cupcakes: frosting is perfect!  So yummy.  And no, I'm not telling until after I win.  :p
@YarnHarlot I meant Americans ask stupid ??s The things that make us go shopping after Thanksgiving don't apply to Canadian thanksgiving.
@YarnHarlot Americans are stupid.  The only reason our Thanksgiving has shopping is it's close to Christmas, and we all have Friday off.
Just spent 5 hours trying to fix my computer.  And I'm not even sure what worked in the end.  Blergh.
Slowly coming to the realization that i have lost my mind.
Cool beans.  They just gave me a ginormous bag of junk!
I see bananas, bagels, and water.  Must be in the right place.
@RicochetRed heavy sighs on your behalf.  Thoughts and prayers too, of course.
at May Festival rehearsal was asked again if I was new, even though it's my 5th season. Must investigate sparkly clothes and flashy hairdo.
5K is in the bag. Ran 3.2 miles tonight, at my fastest pace to date.  I think I've earned my ice cream today. And the brownie I had earlier.
@clevercatsknit oh, I thought she flew back and forth.  She must be out partying and not watching her tweets.
@lieslnky Ok, I'll bite: what is BG?
Why does September always suck so much?
@clevercatsknit I don't remember.  I'll have to check when I get home.  No Facebook @ work.
Ok I did it.  I finally signed up to run a 5k.  In two weeks, on the 9th.  No problem, right?  Right.
First pair of running shoes have logged 100 miles. Here's to a couple hundred more! (BTW, it was cold out there today, another first.)
It's another "guess I'll go eat worms" kind of day.
@clevercatsknit snacks! Snacks!  I want deep-fried snacks!  Sounds like a plan.
@clevercatsknit Just tell me where.  I'm in!
@clevercatsknit Nothing specific, just looking forward to some cool-kid time.  It's been a bad week all around.  :(
@clevercatsknit will you be at SnB tomorrow?
Couldn't install new light fixture: drill batteries dead.  Tried to make ice cream, eggs too old. To grocery for eggs ...and beer.
Is it something in the water? In the stars?  So many unhappy people...  Work, organizations, friends.  WTF?
@clevercatsknit Glad to hear it.  I think we can throw this week in the dumpster and hope for better next week.  Blergh.
$40 Antenna upgrade gets me all the stations I'm accustomed to and more.  Lovin' the new TiVo cable-free!
@clevercatsknit wtf ?
Watching YouTube on my tv rocks!  My antenna sucks.
Hurrah!  My new tivo is here.  Place your bets now:  easy and trouble-free, or technical difficulties? Cable-free here I come.
@clevercatsknit Both are just hot coils.  Might have better control and use less energy w/ stovetop, but whatever works.
@ricochetred What a pooper.  (Second time this week I've tweeted "pooper" to a friend.  Maybe next week will be better?)
@clevercatsknit Can you toast the marshmallow over a stove burner?
Upped my run to 35 minutes for the first time; I can watch The Biggest Loser from my couch guilt-free.
@clevercatsknit Holy fast recovery, Batman. I have a sleeve I need re-knitted, I might slip it into your bag and see if you finish it 4 me.
@ricochetred Well, a pox on her and her ilk is far from irrational, at least. Except that she'd pass along the pox to the rest of us.
@clevercatsknit What a pooper.  At least it went really fast the first time, it'll go faster the second.
@clevercatsknit And did you wash your swatch?
@clevercatsknit I'm with J.  At least try to re-block it (with a tape measure this time).  You might be surprised.
@RicochetRed Hope some soup helps. That was quite a crowd, probably infested with all manner of contagions. Sorry 'bout the crappy souvenir.
@JoJo296 Have you tried ignoring them?  How about blocking them, or un-friending them?
@RicochetRed @clevercatsknit Who says he's single?  A great catch like that...??  It's probably his wife's muumuu.
@RicochetRed @clevercatsknit You know I'd have to wave my crafty-wand and make something better, right?  She is a stinker, though.
@RicochetRed Hmm.  The middle of a weekday isn't that convenient, but as long as she doesn't have to wear a hat, Sadie might comply.
Considering canceling basic cable and buying TiVo that will use antenna. After basic fiddling only station I can't get is ABC. Do I care?
@ricochetred confirmed: mum coupon received from Home Depot.
Reading online dating profiles again.  The typo "coock out diners" is making me laugh.  I'm not sure why.  It just tickles my funny bone.
Must be a slow Saturday night: just spontaneously deep-cleaned the outside of the oven and microwave.
Thought I was too tired to run & considered just going to bed. Hit the road & ran farther/faster than ever before. Really needed that today.
@RicochetRed Certainly re: both pictures and mints.  I may bring computer so you can see a full retrospective.
@clevercatsknit No, I won't be there.  I have May Festival all day.  Sunday @ B&N?
@clevercatsknit Hooray!  Thank you so much.  I can't wait.  I haven't had Scotch mints since I lived in Sioux Falls!
@clevercatsknit Oh my.  A pound or two  would be adequate.  I guess a kilogram is more appropriate for Canada.
@clevercatsknit Don't go out of your way.  I should have asked you earlier if it was very important.
@clevercatsknit I don't know.  It's just candy.  I've only seen them in bags like hard candy is here; 8 oz. maybe? Grocery store?
@clevercatsknit It's probably too late, but if you see any Scottish Mints, smuggle them into the country for me and I'll pay you back?
@RicochetRed You are an invisible friend again.  :( My phone does have an app now, so you're more ghost-like, perhaps.
@clevercatsknit You should see if Canada's system has also led to better bra-fitting shops than the US.
First Match.com date: fail.  He did not find me funny.  The feeling was mutual.  Boo.
Someone asked me today if I have lost weight.  I have not.  But I am going to wear this shirt every day for forever.
@clevercatsknit have you tried your "blocking" solution on your swatch? You have everything you need to feel good about it by  yourself.
@RicochetRed It would take a lot more than that to be encouraging at this point.  :/  le sigh
@clevercatsknit that was fast!  Good job!
This sucks.  Meetup group SO poorly organized.  Didn't sign up in order to spend time alone.
Read in Match.com profile: "I am a gentleman and I have very old morels."  Really, you should eat them when they're fresh, no?
What a beautiful beautiful day!  Hope it stays this way for the weekend...
Finally home from Girls' Weekend.  Now to see of I can sleep through the caffeine it took to get me here.
Sadie's dropped off, coffee acquired, snacks on passenger seat, and I'm ready to road-trip!
Nothing makes me feel as old as looking at guys in my age range on dating sites.  How did this happen to them?  Is it going to happen to me?
Quick! Somebody talk me down! I'm about to join Match.com even though I know better.
NPR piece on internet dating says it's the top way people meet these days.  I can't express how depressed that makes me.
@clevercatsknit You might have "killed" it.  It doesn't take much.  But that's ok, we can still use it.
@clevercatsknit Yes you get an A for effort.  Can you block it to the right size? It'll be fine.
Insomnia.  Got it.  Love it.  :(
@clevercatsknit I'm feeling better now, but it took a few tries before something helped.
@clevercatsknit we often have headaches at the same time.  I'm about to gouge out my left eye; how are you?
Second ctskg meeting in the can, and this time under budget.  Woot.
@clevercatsknit Every so often my computer forgets it has a camera; reboot fixes it.
@clevercatsknit I know I did.  ;)
@bobandtom People from Memphis are "Memphibians".  ;)
@RicochetRed I investigated and reported the problem to Twitter.  We were not the only ones to witness this special magic.  :)
@RicochetRed Hooray! You are no longer Mo's invisible friend.  I can see you too again.
@clevercatsknit Close call.  Glad to hear it.
@ricochetred Sadie says "thank you for bringing my bells to s&b.  It is much easier to get Beth's attention now."
Got up early enough to eat and beat the heat. It's official: I've completed the Couch-to-5K program. I don't run 5K, but I do run 30 min.
@clevercatsknit I have auto-correct now, too.  I feel your pain.  :p
@clevercatsknit Does that mean they're all back to normal and recovered, no health worries (for today at least)? Hooray!
Sadie is chewing on a plastic hanger and I'm having a hard time coming up with the energy to care.
even try.  :(
@RicochetRed Oh my goodness, what would we do without Janet to navigate McDonalds.com for us?
@clevercatsknit uhhh....McDonald's.com?
Thrown back into GTD-less abyss after Astrid overhaul.  What a mess.  Must try to settle, I suppose
@clevercatsknit It was a rhetorical ? anyway.  Probably won't be done until Saturday night.  Margarita on Sunday?
C25K week 9 started, and I don't think it could have been hotter. But it's all downhill from here. Go me! Victory party this weekend anyone?
Froyo! Froyo! I'm getting Froyo this very second.  Yippee!
@ricochetred might be becoming more common w/ more evidence it is critical for more than bone mass.
@clevercatsknit I get plenty of sun.  I'm just going to take my vitamins and not worry about it.
@ricochetred My hs-CRP result: 4.25.  Everything else is normal, except low vitD.  No surprises.
@RicochetRed I particularly like calling it "lie-in".  Sounds more like leisure than laziness.
@clevercatsknit I'm awake, but not out of bed.  Those poor kittens; so many challenges so early in life.
@RicochetRed I sold my old razr on eBay.  I don't know if it's available any more but I liked it. That was last phone I had w/ sim card.
@clevercatsknit on my last repeat.  Looks like I'll make it!
Have I mentioned lately how good life is?  Good food and good friends are exhausting me.
What a beautiful day! Finally.
I love my new EVO, I really really do. But the search for a suitable todo app is driving me to hipsterPDA. I swear I'll do it if I have to.
Wendy's new Cobb salad: yum-o!
I'm in.  New phone happens today.
Couch-2-5K: Week seven complete!  Only two more to go.  Dick's Sporting Goods is my new favorite store.
Running strong.  After a small hiccup with travel and a family visit, I am still on track with C25K, and ran for 27 minutes tonight!
@ricochetred I see you!  You ARE real!
@clevercatsknit hopefully when I get my new phone she'll be visible to me too.
@clevercatsknit I see you're talking to your imaginary friend again.
I think I need a caffeine sandwich for lunch.
Using family visit as excuse to visit all MY favorite places and restaurants.  Hee!
Stuck waiting for a train to pass, and pulling out some knitting isn't jinxing it to be done.  Boo.
Safely home at last.  Unfortunately, we had a freak rainstorm today and it looks like I'll be fixing my back patio.  Again.
Back in Kentucky, but still a ways to go.
At a Target in Somewhere AL for potty, snacks and Starbucks.
@ricochetred There cetainly were bunches of people!  That place was busy.
@ricochetred I'm here.  Facing the camera and everything.  Huh.
LuLu's sure has grown!  Try to find us on the web-cam.
@clevercatsknit It was a blast!  We had a great time.  Looking forward to a day of relaxing on the beach tomorrow.
Jimmy says: "The party at the oil spill is over."
Gulf Shores is beautiful! Havin' a great time! http://twitpic.com/24i1me
Safely in Gulf Shores.  Now, where is my sunscreen?
Montgomery!
Birmingham,
Safely esconsed in a hotel in Decatur, AL for the night.  Tomorrow: The Beach!!
Listening to NPR interview.  I don't think this woman knows what the word "obviously" means.
Just got back from C25K Week5Day 3.  I ran for 20 minutes straight, no problem.  Who woulda thunk it?  Certainly not me. Onward and upward.
Mac User screwed again!  Most library audio books can only be transferred to an iPod if you have a PC.  WTF?
@clevercatsknit Finishing your sweater?  Exciting!
HTC	Evo 4G,  why aren't you in stock at Sprint??  I WANT TO UPGRADE!!
Couch-to-5k Plan still going strong.  Just finished W5D2, halfway there!  Nervous about Friday: no intervals, just 20 minutes running.
I just realized today is my half-birthday.
McDonald's, so fancy: a purple straw for my purple berry smoothie!  That, plus free WiFi, I might be won over.
@clevercatsknit That pattern did seem to be written a little short.  Will you have enough yarn?
@clevercatsknit I'm still in.  Did we ever hear from Liesl?
Covered in dirt and powdered sugar.  Not a bad day if you ask me.
@ricochetred It turned into deep-fried lunch Chez Roberts, but it was excellent fuel for clearing the way for wildflowers in the back.
@clevercatsknit OH NO!!!  That's not good.
Beignet dough is in the fridge to rise overnight.  Tomorrow: deep fried breakfast!
@ricochetred Hooray.  Another reason not to feel guilty about turning it into compost.
@RicochetRed I've been pretty ruthless with giant hostas.  Silver grass fights dirty! I have to wear long sleeves and pants.  :(
@RicochetRed As for health of the plants, yes, they're looking pretty good.  Lack of organization & sloppy silver grass driving me nuts.
@ricochetred I posted some pictures to Folia.  My hydrangea is blooming and it's bright pink.  Mystery plant pics are there, too.
I found the pasta recipe!!  Curses on boxes not quite unpacked.
Darn!  Can't find my pasta salad recipe!  I suppose, since it's MY recipe, I can probably figure it out, right?
@clevercatsknit I'm not making any promises, but you're always welcome!
@ricochetred Ooohhh.  Just Gulf Shores.  :(   Maybe I'll make beignets over the long weekend now that you've got me thinking of them.
@RicochetRed Did not know about impromptu concert.   And I still don't get the beignet reference.  I must be pissy AND dense.
@ricochetred I only burn about 300 calories on each run, so a Blizzard represents net steps backward.  Beignet training?  I no understand.
@ricochetred Nope.  Guilt accompanies Blizzard, especially since I've been eating ice cream all week.  So...Red wine it is!!!
@ricochetred @clevercatsknit Maybe that's what was in the hole??  Did we ever figure that out?
@clevercatsknit I haz catmint.  Maybe she confused, or more likely, just giving a lagniappe of info.
So much for the runner's high.  I'm in a really pissy mood.  Yuck.
@clevercatsknit It's a beautiful day for it!
Poo.  I had my mind all made up onmy new phone and now they're out of stock.
Today I am eligible to upgrade my phone.  I must say I am doing an excellent job of justifying the expense of an HTC EVO 4G.
@ricochetred What was the vision place you recommended? I thought I would recognize it when searching, but no bells are ringing.
I did it.  Couch-to-5k Week 4: I'm up to 16 minutes of running total, with two 5 minute increments.  And I did it.  Slowly, but I did it.
July 1 Buffett concert: fail.  Here's hoping for July 11.
The opera is over...why won't it get out of my head??  It's driving me crazy!!
Why do I feel like I have to go to work tomorrow?  Hasn't this week been LONG ENOUGH???
Just finifhed awesome wine class @ Jungle Jim's.  Will have to take another soon.
@ricochetred you told me my input was harmful, and you continue to insist.  I am merely defending myself.
@ricichetred It makes sense to me, but I know that PU doesn't mean PUAK.
@ricochetred well, I am not right next to her, so I can't do that.  JUST TRYING TO HELP. 	I won't bother in the future.
@ricochetred and clarifying the terminology will help in the future if sh's using it incorrectly,as many many people do.
@ricochetred but obviously I thought it might.  Worth a try.
@ricochetred ok.  Haven't seen the vid, but didn't clear it up for her.  Can't really knit something you haven't PU'ed (except reg st).
@clevercatsknit Sounds like difference between Pick Up & Pick Up And Knit.  You want to PU, not PUAK.  Yes to "just knit into it."
Up to 10 miles on my first-ever running shoes.  So what if most of it has been walking? At least some of it has been actual running. Go me.
@clevercatsknit Yuppers.  I will be there.
@cleverctasknit Oh thank you thank you thank you!  I would feel much better if she was with you and not strangers.
@clevercatsknit She loves day trips!  I'll keep looking for boarding, but if I don't find any I would really appreciate it!!!
I'm headed out Wednesday night, back late Saturday.  Impulsive trip to Gulf Shores to see Jimmy Buffett w/ Candice!
Anybody want to doggie-sit an amazingly adorable puppydog next week?
@RicochetRed Just one year.  That's all it takes.  One stinkin' year for my phone to stop working.
@RicochetRed Current diagnosis: phone is succumbing to planned obsolescence, just in time for upgrade eligibility time.
@ricochetred All your tweets visible on Tweetie now that I'm home.
@ricochetred Just got this tweet, but did not get one regarding Marnie's contest.
@ricochetred @clevercatsknit I am only seeing Mo's side of the story.  Any clues?
Couch to 5k W3D1 complete.  Running for 3 minutes was not as bad as it sounded.  Up to 9 minutes running out of 30 total now.  Wow.
@clevercatsknit what is "upside down bunny"?
@clevercatsknit Ah, but little projects go faster than big ones.  :)
@clevercatsknit I hate to state the obvious, but little stitches go slower than big ones.  Sorry.  :(
@clevercatsknit You're going to aggressively block it to size, remember?
@ricochetred My heart rate monitor didn't ask me what the weather's like.  ;-)
Time: 30 minutes.  Calories burned: 365.  Mowing my lawn with a reel mower instead of joining the gym: priceless.
@clevercatsknit Five won't kill 'ya.  Salt will start to irritate skin.
@clevercatsknit I did it whenever I felt a lot of pressure or was coughing a lot.  You can do it as often as you'd like.
@clevercatsknit I think it's not an immediate thing sometimes.  There's a lot of stuff in there if you have an infection.
@clevercatsknit Sounds like neti pot success. It often doesn't come out the other side 4 me. But it loosens up  snot so you can get it out.
@clevercatsknit Probably.  I got mine @ Walgreens a few years ago. Look for 'nasal irrigation'; might not be called "neti". In nose section.
@clevercatsknit You can't drown through your nose if you can't breathe through your nose.  ;)
@clevercatsknit I highly recommend neti pot for sinus infection therapy/recovery.
@ricochetred 'on' the homely side.
