gexedivurow
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3066594270/5f4bb928c9dc0ab65207b47aad00fb39_400x400.jpeg
Kate Nash - The Nicest Thing
Big group lunch has turned into meal for two with ginge :-)
I panic so much when I feel sick it's pathetic
Accents are sexy
Throw your hands up at me
the smell of washing powder is just fgraldnroshslrbsk
I'm crying already ugh. I just hate cancer, it's unreal how awful it is
Bought a bakewell tart and a crumble, cannot resist desserts!
I literally can't walk like a normal person if my bag isn't on my left shoulder
If your girl/boyfriend's ex was someone they were serious with you can't expect them to fully move on, you don't forget someone you love
Can't wait for me and my bed to reunite
Cringe at everyone in union jack clothes, it looks so stupid
All my lovely, clean white bedding is now brown
If people are going to change just let them because they'll end up noticing and regretting it once they've grown up abit
You don't have to find someone just in your home town, there are plenty more people out there
I love zombie films
I don't get how you can be best friends with someone if you don't talk about everything
Making effort and getting zero back. Cool, that's cool.
Your blue skies faded to grey
Lol twat
Crying because I need to lose weight lol I'm so pathetic
Addicted to Pepsi at the momento
Love saying 'I for one...'
always
Like stones in your pocket people try to weigh you down
Mum has all her stuff to pack around my room and on my bed so I'm curled up in bed around it all lol
Me: I won't get jealous.. Me: Who's this fucking whore?!
Fuq u.
I'm crying already ugh. I just hate cancer, it's unreal how awful it is
it's so sad when you used to be close to someone and now you feel like you don't even know them...
Not much more attractive than stubble
When your ex downgrades in life, aw.
I hate when people use 'and..' to reply to different parts of your texts. I don't know why but it bugs me
Going to an Indian and I can't eat Indian because of my braces. What do i eat?
mmm built men
Love beards and stubble on men, infact I just love facial hair. So attractive
I love when people say 'guess what'
I love seeing happy, cute couples
I'd hate if one of my close friends didn't trust me, I really would
Charlotte and Gaz just need to be together ? #geordieshore
Don't you worry your pretty little mind
I've got so much to do yet I'm sat day dreaming about what I'd do if I won the lottery and eating pizza
My teeth are hurting so much even brushing them reduced me to tears
My two favorite things! MALLS  ;amp; SHARKS!
I love discovering fantastic songs I don't know...on my own ipod
Getting changed in the back of the car feels like a film scene
I love our friends group, we're so open and comfortable with eachother
The man in front of me has got beautiful nails, no joke
Love ending the day in a happy/good mood
My bed hair looks really cute this morning
Struggling to stay awake today
I miss Billy (my best friend's dog)
I dunno why people thrive off of texting in bed at night, I'd much rather just sleep
I hate being skint
She killed it with kisses
Anyone who puts their girl/boyfriend before school work etc is plain daft. They're not going to be there forever, people forget that
So nice finding out someone who I thought hated me actually really likes me aw O
I'm always like YHHH SHOPPING and then I get there and I hate it
#judelaw fav trend!!!
i want a tongue piercing
Ulcer is killing my mouth :(
I've hardly read Twitter tonight and I feel like I don't know what's going on or anything, I feel lost lol how sad
Some right states where I live
no one realises how much i love disney
A cute phone call in bed would be lovely but you can hear everything in my house
Murphy doesn't understand the importance of cuddles and always walks away
omg no why is Matt and Coleton's video private now
I love train stations
My mood had drastically changed O
I've got way too much emotion for one person
I'm going to be a wreck during our last week at school
I'd hate to be with someone knowing they loved someone else I just couldn't put myself through it
Rocket lollies rock
I've never had an argument where you shout at each other and slam doors, I really want to
Never trust anyone who tell little white lies
Why favourite every single mention you get??
There's nothing worse than when someone gives you a wet-willy
Someone drank the rest of mine and Em's Pepsi, I will look for you, I will find you and I WILL kill you.
hate aztec printed anything
I swear if I have to work on the night of our leavers party I'm going to break down
I love purple flowers
I could read for hours but the problem is getting into a comfy position
I'm so tired and I've got a headache, boo
Been waiting to sneeze all day and now I've finished work I can't stop sneezing omg
I hate how things can change just like that
Love how my morning texts are always hours before I wake up
Going downstairs for food when I'm half asleep is a dangerous procedure
The panic before you sneeze
Really want some cadbury's dairy milk
It scares me when people are fine and then they flip and get really aggressive
sticks and stones may break my bones but chicken nuggets and megan fox excite me x
3 words I can't pronounce: cutlery, paracetamol and ibruprofen
Why is it in important situations you lose signal/texts don't send/people don't answer the phone
I love train stations
No joke, my cat is obsessed with me today
British accents are lovely
I  dont hear many vegetable jokes often, so if you've got one, lettuce know
Mmm his chest hair peeping through his light blue shirt. And his sexy smile and his curly hair. Omg
If you do not think Jess Ennis is gorgeous then there's something seriously wrong with you
Jack's parents are absolutely lovely and were amazing tonight, aw :-)
the black keys are perfect for summer
I don't even feel like I've slept because I've spent the night running around trying to stay alive in my bloody dream
I wouldn't say I fall for people easily, its like when I like someone I like them so badly
Best weekend I've had in ages!
I hate being in bed ages before I go to sleep because it gets too hot and doesn't feel as comfy
An old Britney song has came on, oh Britney what happened x
Boobs are fantastic
I've been let down more times in the past week than I have in the past year altogether
Guilt trips don't work on me
Craving chocolate but we have none so I'm having to put up with Nutella sandwiches and a hot chocolate
I really want a Turquoise/Light blue car
Safer to hate her by YMAS has an amazing intro
'Doctor doctor I've broken my arm in several place' 'well you shouldn't visit those places anymore'
Shorts that are past the knee or 3/4's are just wrong on any gender
Natalie portman is utter perfection
I'd love my braces off for prom but I want to keep them on so I have perfect teeth
Nicki Minaj 4 months today
That shit cray, that shit cray, THAT SHIT CRAY
Brady is unreal  http://t.co/IrOU7WSyOq
Omg year 8 notes
i'm so claustrophobic it's unreal
@gyweqimo QPR are shocking
Glasses are a massive thing for me. Put some glasses on and I will find you 10x more attractive for definite
@jacidavaj Could actually listen to ed sheeran all day
From my haunted past comes a daunting task of living with memories
Ayyye girl  #adtr #ValentinesDay  http://t.co/1Bk8p6zIbq
The speed my moods change isn't even normal I swear
I always make new friends at bus stops lol
I am too nice to people, ugh. Complete and utter mug
@syzuxajib What girls wanna stay at Harry browns then
@zocepakezaf Londonnnn
That cool http://t.co/2Zd3WQYSnX
i think the is one of the best feelings ever
@hepadokuz Saturday couldn't come any sooner
Post it here just to remember http://t.co/mxocEn6niK
I dunno, aslong as it wasn't crazy I wouldn't mind someone being 'obsessed' with me
Hey everyone, look at it: http://t.co/CJqqCIt2Na
I think my sandwich tastes fantastic because it's 2:56am not because ham and garlic mayo make a beautiful pair
Then he ran into my knife, he ran into my knife 10 times.
Hey everyone, look at it: http://t.co/V5gHvkVpy8
Mum's talking about breakfast and I heard the words 'bacon' and 'omelette' ..YES MATEY
Party buses are THE way forward!!!
R.I.P
Not so bad. http://t.co/EEvrp4PNEf
Omfg girls, this.
That made my day! http://t.co/bACis2NpeC
Friendship rule: you don't go near their ex
What do you think about it? http://t.co/20r4NscY9Q
I hate idle people that don't work and rely on their parents for absolutely everything
Noone really has the true rockstar 'look' anymore
@daqyhuri never have anything to look forward to
remember when raven ate those mushrooms that she was allergic to hhahaaa
@ligiguqyd Oh helium is the best
@xyqybikuqy Take me out is so cringey
@lujogypo Kik: attenborough95
@qynahotu Someone DM me
@nyrebogizu Made me and my brother lunch, aww #topsister
One more tweet =)   http://t.co/8cfPO2si
@gexedivurow Awww,you twat
The same person has fell to sleep on me, woke up and spoke to me and then fell back to sleep on me tonight lol I'm feeling the love
Seeing Amber get hurt tonight was the worst, I love that girl so so much
It's unbelievable how much Laura's auntie looks like Cameron Diaz
Do you like it?   http://t.co/lT9ycnCb
@kafepixyzyc And their costumes are amazing
i don't know what I want
@dofekuxeb this opening ceremony is actually soooooo good
Strawberry yoghurts are wrong!!!
Just jumped and banged my head on the living room light lol
Post it here just to remember   http://t.co/rnGL4iMM
@gyzynatinu Wish I was going skiing #suckssomuch
@mererevug Oh my god diversity,yesssss
What do you think about it?   http://t.co/RIMrycKI
Kids In Love - Mayday Parade
Good link   http://t.co/3AzikJRx
Being able to hear/feel someone's heartbeat freaks me out
If my meal involves gravy I will more than likely mix it all together
@vedigexim Who's awake
Acoustics give me goose bumps, they're beautiful
@myfilizixu So many nice girls on twitter
blah blah blah   http://t.co/Kvh8EA90
What do you think about it?   http://t.co/8FV68aI1
@zukizaxodi Parrttyyyyy
Okay. Posting it.   http://t.co/ZChuwFfy
@feqewanyn Can't wait for christmas
Well Well...   http://t.co/3djfSBDa
@kywupager i MUST go to a festival next year
Post it here just to remember   http://t.co/xdCptKzp
Yes Yes!   http://t.co/muRR60oq
HEEEY MACARENA
@monecihig Acting like we used to! Like nothing changed:')
Is it cool?   http://t.co/E2BlawAF
@soregusaxa Whats the best way of getting rid of a cold
Hate Meadowhall. Hate shopping. Hate having to be girly. Stupid prom.
She gotta love nobody
My hair smells magical
@vewoxomote Go on arsenallllll!!
Flirting is one of my fav activities
WHY HAVEN'T I BEEN BOUGHT FLOWERS YOU BITCHES??
OOPS...   http://t.co/EBZe7XTJ
@ciqajapiwa Everyone needs to learn this.
Yes Yes!   http://t.co/xNkA8QUh
It'll always be you
SWEET CAROLINEEE
Em...   http://t.co/3djfSBDa
Baby blue eyes stay with me by my side
Me and Tom send each other at least one new photo everyday
Hm.....   http://t.co/ewouAYRm
@qazipezevuz Katsu curry from wagamamas,mmm
@gexedivurow All the new films look scary! I love it
Bored -&gt; surfing web   http://t.co/vjfGcBsQ
My retainer makes me talk like I have a lisp aw
Check it!   http://t.co/IMOsE2iv
I'm not the type of person to hold back my feelings or to be dishonest about them
Vodka kills me
Only been home half an hour and I've done loads #productive
Okay. Posting it.   http://t.co/hbu0TC4W
Just seen someone's self harm and read why they did it and broke down. I just want to run and hug and talk to everyone who feels that way ?
Just seen someone's self harm and read why they did it and broke down. I just want to run and hug and talk to everyone who feels that way ?
Hammy the hamster is adorable
I've learnt today bleach itches my skin and makes me sneeze
Carlton grill  ; topkapi
Found all my work from year 7-11
How to get any member of One Direction to follow you instantly!
Cringing at what I just said to someone on a DM, oh why
I get really edgy when people call me perfect
Unbelievably tired today
Jacobs car  ;
i have to sleep in minimal clothes or else I wake up in the middle of the night mistaking my bed for something in the middle of the Sahara
H u n g r y.
I'd love to rent a beach house with my friends
RIP Emma xx  I really hope the Evil Bastards that did this to you get exactly what they deserve! #ripemma
I'd rather show a boy I'm clever than act stupid, what's attractive about being stupid?
Maths exam went fantastic!!!
I can't wait to not get frequent ulcers, cuts in my mouth and aching teeth #braces
Was going to get a new piercing tomorrow but my bank balance won't allow me..
Hm I love pirates
The smell of coconuts in shower gel/shampoo etc smells so lovely
Today has been a long, crappy, emotional day I just can't wait to sleep but I can't :-(
I couldn't bare wearing make-up when it's weather like this, that'd just be daft
Think everyones got the picture now.... You are not a very nice person #evil
Need an A level just to understand drunken texts
My Weetos in my Hello Kitty bowl init Britt's Dad's house!
I'm so confused about my own feelings how is that even possible surely I of all people should know
Need. Food.
I want to see the new Batman film
Time disappeared this morning, I haven't had time to do anything
There's one girl on the Heatwave music video that is actually perfection
It takes me ages to pluck up the courage to look at my hair when I've dyed it
Let me be your everlasting light
It's important to accept everyone's unique factors
His girlfriend was diagnosed with cancer, so he shaved off his hair just for her. This act deserves endless retweeets.
Last night was the best night I've had in ages with the GALZ love them bitchez x
I am hot stuff
I am never letting myself get attached to another person, in the way that I did you
Days like today I'd hate to be trekking back from Wales sixth form
How can you love being fat omfg
I always just blurt things out
I'd love like, a cheeky summer fling
I love seeing happy, cute couples
If I talk to someone new I feel as if I can't say stuff like shut up to them because I dont want them to think I'm mean so I say shh instead
Mr Turner set me off and I ended up walking out of school sobbing
I love my ring for tonight
How could you do this, seriously?
Weird but I'm craving calpol/an omelette. Either or would make me happy right now
Horrible dream again ?
I love being called 'laur' or 'lou'
Angry at the world because Asos emptied my shopping basket
why would you buy the cheap version of coco pops though, bloody hell
There's nothing worse than when someone gives you a wet-willy
I just feel like I'm going round in circles
I love the little paper bags you get sweets in
'Domestic goddess'
I need a fridge with the water and ice bit on the front, they are the best
I used to get really attached to my Tamagotchi
Laura's bedroom is so cozy, it's lovely x
I'd love to rent a beach house with my friends
I miss you more than you think
I never tell people things when I'm upset because I don't want to be centre of attention. I don't know how attention seekers do it
I can't stand forcing myself to stay awake when I'm jiggered
I wonder if anyone religiously looks at my tweets every day or something
Megan fox is unbelievably hot
I feel awkward when people stare at me whilst I'm talking, I know that's kind of like the whole point but I just want to cover up my face
Who would beat a poor defenceless, old woman, it's absolutely disgusting. This world has some absolutely, shameful sickos in it!
How to get any member of One Direction to follow you instantly!
Really hoping I can go to Jess' tonight, girly night is needed
I'm surprised I have a boyfriend. Literally crying at the photos I'm sending him lmfao
Chose 9 books to take on holiday and that's after I narrowed it down #ambitiousreader
When I miss someone I find the best way to cope is to try and forget they exist lol
whenever I hear 'creme brulee' I just think of this guy
Today has been fabulous. Tomorrow will be absolutely fabulous and Sunday will be perfect O good weekend
It's nice when it's not just you that has noticed someone change
I'm tired constantly lately
It really hurts me that you don't even care, like, it really, really hurts me.
Mila Kunis.
sticks and stones may break my bones but chicken nuggets and megan fox excite me x
Brown eyes are amazing
When males wear jeans that are tight on the bum = vom vom vom.
Haven't had tea or many snacks and I've gone over on my calories by 19 today
I want to sleep this sicky feeling off but I can't sleep because I feel sick, it's a vicious circle
Whenever I read I'm that comfy I end up falling asleep so it takes me forever to get through books
What I'd give to go to university in New York
front cam is entertaining when you're bored
Nose piercings make a girl so much hotter
so basically
#100ThingsAboutMe 85. I wish I was a vegetarian but I don't think I could be one
Lost some of my teeth in my dream it was awful
And now I've realised I haven't got my ipod for the bus OMG
Waiting for hair dye to do its thing is so boring
Oh my love, you don't know what you do to me
I'm not going to be second best
I want to see the new Batman film
I wanna be adored
i try to be there for my friends as much as possible
Those people you find hot and don't even know why mm
Twisted dream or wottt
Prom day.
I said ping pong balls not king kongs' balls
I swear I fell asleep with more clothes on
I don't even feel like I've slept because I've spent the night running around trying to stay alive in my bloody dream
Remembered bedding when stopping at the #galz for once!!!
Wish I either had really short hair or really long hair, the in between length looks horrible
Everyone is going to wear extensions for prom ..zzz
Not going to lie, I love receiving drunken texts
Mums laughing at my dancing u wott
I get right defensive sometimes
I personally don't like the skinny but big bum look on a girl
I wish I was mixed race
If some one wants to stay in my life then they will make the effort if not then they're not worth my effort
One thing that I hate with a passion is when people say 'r' before someone's name
20 chicken nuggets and tomato ketchup please???
Cameron Diaz is bloody perfect. Her dimples, her smile, her hair, her voice, her figure WHY
50 shades of gay.
It feels good not wearing makeup
My prom shoes are probably going to be more than my dress
You cant truly let go of someone who has been a huge part in your life
boys who can sing  ;
So fed up of being there for people who aren't for me. You can't just pick and choose when I matter to you
I feel so weak admitting my feelings, everyone knows how vulnerable you are
You're a wizard Harry
PRETEND YOU'RE DEAD
Check dat ass
Don't tweet if every tweet is going to be about your girl/boyfriend ok?
Fuck you.
Can't wait to get my bedroom decorated soon
I don't know why but whenever I look at a diagram of the heart or picture i feel so sick, even a cartoon one, it just freaks me out real bad
whenever I hear 'creme brulee' I just think of this guy
tap tap revenge is so addictive though
Best weekend I've had in ages!
Don't know how I'm going to stay awake today
Is it just me or is Ashley Cole kinda hottt?
There's not a lot of branded clothing I actually like I just feel they've tried too hard to make it nice
I don't understand how I'm not single, I'm so so strange and most people only see the half of it
I love the ice cream man. It has my favourite things practically delivered to my house
Reading back upon saved texts is one of the worst things anyone could do
We'll set the world on FIRE
Think I've ate a dodgy cheese string. Is that even possible??
Italy vs Ireland = stadium full of beautiful accents
I love pharmacies
All we've spoke about all night is what we'd do if we won the lottery and I'm literally bouncing off the walls with excitement lol
Messy, rugged looking men asdhys
Been told I should go blonde for prom but I really dunno
THIS IS WONDEROUS OMFG
Sometimes a stranger is the perfect person to talk to
Roughly 900 tiles on the hall ceiling in my school if anyone cares lol
I get really edgy when people call me perfect
Pretty accurate.
Feel good today because I gave someone a shoulder to cry on aw
I hate when people have stupid, childish, ridiculous nicknames, grow up! It winds me up ok..
A baby shouldn't have to spend its first few months/years in hospital fighting for its life
I don't feel well this morning
i need to lose weight and tone up, fast
Prince Harry has a nice ass
a boys shoes make up about 35% of how attractive I find them
Why a beauticians so upbeat and fake?
Seriously piss off
My natural blonde colour is showing at the front of my hair aw
No one understands how bliss it was having a lazy Friday night and a lie in this morning with no work!!
I love seeing boys tweets cute things about a girl
8 seconds left and some bitch outbid me by 10p!!!!!
I thought Charlotte was still behind me today in tutor so I swung round and said 'stuff you' but this little year 7 girl was there oops
soppy conversations are the best thing ever
I'd much prefer a spontaneous phone call rather than a text
I want to go for a picnic on the beach and watch the sunset
Ten more days till sun sun sun!
Foundation lips are foul.
So fed up of being there for people who aren't for me. You can't just pick and choose when I matter to you
Leg waxing is so painful
Got too freaked out so I've put a Scissor Sisters CD on, god help if we get some customers
Me and Mum hunted the whole house for my Twirl bites and still didn't find them #fuming #chocolatethief
the black keys are perfect for summer
Those yellow fields are the enemy
Laughing at everyone that has school tomorrow
I didn't like her but I really like Lana Del Rey now
Stuffed crust...mm you'd think cheese but no it's tomato. How misleading
She killed it with kisses
I think I'd cry if I couldn't sleep on my front due to my boobs being too big!
Eating without braces is a whole new experience
My cats are spooning lol
Just had loads of chicken chow mein and my stomach is still rumbling, how??
I used to think that using the washing machine was proper full on rocket science
I want to watch Shark Tale
Do you think some people went to see Jay Z and Kanye West last night??
I hate deciding what to wear I always get stroppy and give up
I really need my girls :-(
' It makes me feel important just because I know her
I love songs that remind me of parties
F a b u l o u s
In primary school I took handwriting lessons really seriously and was all smug when I got to use a pen and everyone else still had a pencil
how perfect would it be just to cuddle up in here with somebody
long dark hair, facial hair, tall, scruffy, major yum.
Someone come get matching tattoos on my 18th birthday?
Been woke up for my tea lol
I hate it when you're tired and really want to sleep but your body just won't let you
I could tweet song lyrics all day long
One more day would be perfect
Goodbye Ruby Tuesday
I love getting into bed when it's still light it feels summery
I hate when you're that upset about something and your legs go weak and you start to shake, it's like you have no control over your body
She'll forever hold a spot inside my soul
Feel sorry for my Nan when I stop at hers for 5 nights soon, she'll realise just how much I eat
I am hot stuff
I'm going to get up at 8am tomorrow and Sunday so I can revise
it feels like i haven't seen everyone properly in ages, party needed
Had such an amazing but busy weekend, absolutely jiggered now
Mila Kunis is just amazing though
I hate not having braces on, my teeth feel vulnerable
I think about the strangest things between finishing my exam paper and getting let out the hall
Tomorrow is going to be mental if it rains
Then he ran into my knife, he ran into my knife 10 times.
I really need to go to Meadowhall
Major back ache going on :-(
First lie in tomorrow (hopefully)
'Mila Kunis looks hot in her new movie' erm excuse me? She looks hot in everything she does!!!
Genuinely couldn't ask for a better group of friends, I just hope that we don't split up after this summer
losing a parent must be the hardest thing in the world to cope with
Feel good today because I gave someone a shoulder to cry on aw
I enjoy palates but I always end up shouting at the instructor
I want to do this
My room is like a sauna
Karen and Jayne nearly made me cry at work when they were talking to my family about me, aw
I'm already crying and that's only writing down the topics for Hollie's leavers book
You don't have to have been in a relationship with someone for them to mean something to you
Me and my Mum never fall out or argue but in the off chance we do we sort it out in less than 5 minutes later, neither of us can bare it
I hope one day I'll be asked to be maid of honour
Omg remember the cramp twins?
Please can someone buy me some flowers for my birthday I honestly cannot think of a better present
I watched Sex and the City secretly when I was like 10 lol educated and that
I love those daft, cute, crazy episodes with someone
I need a fridge with the water and ice bit on the front, they are the best
Need a dog to walk
I love zombie films
I'm so gullible today, just fell for the third thing!
I dread the day eating what I want actually effects my figure
I look such a state today
I actually like revising Maths
unreal how much fifa can stress me out
I always snap and break down the moment I admit I'm not okay but before that moment I'm absolutely fine
Ulcers + Braces = Absolute agony
its a great feeling not being invited places.
Wish I could just be naked forever, it's comfy and clothes just seem pointless when indoors.
I recognise him... Who is he? WHO IS HE???
I want to be bought balloons and flowers :-(
The Perks of being a Wallflower was such a good book!
I love my #galz
Tonight was perfect
why can't i have a bestfriend who has loads of nice clothes and shares them with me though
You're never too old to play the 'keep the balloon from touching the floor' game
It's proper cute when people have a boyfriend/girlfriend that get along with their parents and are like part of the family and comfortable
I love the 'barbie' look on girls but not orange, fake girls.. real pretty, perfect, long haired girls like Kim Kardashian
I just want really long hair and a tiny figure
3 hours of PE revision today in my frees and then PE revision when I get home :-(
The smallest things annoy me
I love hugs with people the same height as me
Murphy doesn't understand the importance of cuddles and always walks away
I know 3 people with nails how I was going to have them but oh well
What happened to you?
I always think I've got to my weirdness peak, then I go and be weirder
4-5 weeks till my last exam and I leave school, what the hell
Northern Wind has the loveliest lyrics
I just want to curl up under my quilt but I'm all sticky from my spray tan
Everyone just forgets about me
mila kunis tho
Cameron Diaz is perfect
I think cheating on your boyfriend/girlfriend Is one of the most disrespectful, disgusting things anyone can do
Even if it's a little argument I hate hate hate arguing
#judelaw fav trend!!!
I want to work at premiere inn ok.
So so tired all the time recently
I can't wait to not get frequent ulcers, cuts in my mouth and aching teeth #braces
I'm scared that if I pick mascara off, my eyelashes will fall out so I just don't do it
Football tweets are a bore zzz
I've gone off loads of different food recently
This love is dirtier than you think
Does this deafening silence mean nothing to no one but me?
Even reading about a cannula/needle in my book is making me feel physically sick
I need to eat but my body doesn't need more crappy food
Everywhere I Go - Hollywood Undead makes me feel really hyperactive lol
Remember when Morrisons was called 'Safeway'?
I'm scared when I go for a morning jog or for a smoothie in the day on holiday by myself I'll get taken by someone
Could demolish a bbq chicken pizza with mixed peppers
All we've spoke about all night is what we'd do if we won the lottery and I'm literally bouncing off the walls with excitement lol
I 'wear my heart on my sleeve' and it's never been a good thing
want to live in a flat in london and wake up in the morning and go for breakfast and coffee in a cafe
Weird seeing so many faces last night
spain has finally fucking scored
I wish it was acceptable to eat custard from a bowl like a cat #meow
After snuggling with Hollie last night and sleeping at Britts Friday night I feel so lonely
I said I'd rather be with your friends mate cos they are much fitter x
Only been up 45 minutes and I've ate, exercised and now I'm sat with a herbal tea revising before my shower. Today is a good day
Omg no! I've found Mr Scotney on Facebook
Fucking hell I have butterflies and everything
Been woke up and now I can't sleep ugh
having a boy bestfriend is great
A baby shouldn't have to spend its first few months/years in hospital fighting for its life
I'd love a tree house to escape to and it'd be my place where only certain people are allowed
Brush brush brush ma teeths
Problem with this weather is attractive long haired boys cutting their hair short
I don't feel right this morning but I don't know if it's just nerves
going on holiday and not being able to trust your boyfriend/girlfriend must be horrible
I can't understand people who always need something to do, I'm more than happy in my own company doing nothing the majority of the time
It means ten times more when a boy cries to when a girl does (I think)
I always eat too much omg
yes yes yes
Pulsing squats are a killer
I want a henna tattoo
Genuinely couldn't ask for a better group of friends, I just hope that we don't split up after this summer
Vodka kills me
Wish I could just get in bed now for the rest of the weekend
Aussie hair products are the best!
Aw my day has just been made!
I hate when someone just pretends to feel nothing and blocks you out
I love hugging taller people, they're like bears
Its so upsetting when people die, just seeing the effect it has on their relatives and close friends is horrible
Slept so bad last night so I'm dreading my tiredness hitting me later
Got two long shifts this weekend ???
I love you one, a two, a three shoobee-do, I love you four, that's more than I can afford
I hate but love the last few minutes of a bid
I always have to tell myself 'think not say, think not say!'
i dont want to spend tonight on my own, could do with someone to talk to and spoon with all night
Megan Fox is so damn hot, if you disagree you need to sort yourself out
Why did this amuse me so much?
I want to build and decorate a cute, little wendy house
Omg. Rapists better thing twice.
Rachel is so perfect #glee
#loveis what I share with a bag of giant chocolate buttons. Things I would do for a bag right now
I love how close me and my Mum are, she means the world to me
Pretty accurate.
If you do not think Jess Ennis is gorgeous then there's something seriously wrong with you
Feel so embarrassed
I'm crying at someone else's news, what the hell. I'm too damn emotional
when people go on and on about things that have happened and you just want to forget about it and move on
time to snuggle up with the girls and watch The Holiday x
Apparently I have a 'beach bod' lol next joke
My bitch has made me an omelette O
Just had to waste some Sticky Toffee pud because I put out of date cream on it
Tanja saying she misses me has made my day, she means so much to me like a second mum aw O
Just jumped out of bed and fake tanned. I don't even know why I just got an urge
Men look really boyish and young in football kits
When your ex downgrades in life, aw.
How can people blatantly lie, everything they say just knowing its lies?
How perfect is scarlett johansson?
The speed my moods change isn't even normal I swear
if I moved away I don't think anyone would miss me
I don't like boundaries and rules and labels and being serious and commitment #scarycrap
I'm always one of the tallest with heels on and I hate it. I love taking them off and being a normal height
When someone who isn't normally  nice is nice to you and you're like whuttt???
I hate losing my appetite it's the most tragic thing ever
My horoscope for today is very, very interesting mm
Need to write a letter, go to the bank, go to the post office, go to Amber's and see Tom tomorrow
I enjoy getting up and being at work early on a Saturday
I wish blood was glittery
Finally finished IT forever!!
Craving chocolate but we have none so I'm having to put up with Nutella sandwiches and a hot chocolate
The smell of coconuts in shower gel/shampoo etc smells so lovely
Jess is so lovely
I just want to get this week out of the way already.
mmm built men
Still can't believe I spilt the whole washing up bowl of water on myself and the floor earlier, I was not a happy bunny
4 marks off an A* on a practice Maths paper!!
If I'm not mistaken I do believe I can smell sticky toffee pudding cooking
having butterflies is such a cute feeling
sleeping in underwear in bed is the best feeling ever omfg
I'd actually love to be stuck in a shopping centre
Shoving your hair up is the best and easiest thing
Remix of Somebody I Used To Know on Capital Fm is atrocious
I've never tried a mocha so that's what I'm going to treat myself with tonight at work with some squirty cream
I really need my girls :-(
Everyone was so shocked on Monday at how under the thumb Tom is with me lmfao hell yeah
This love is dirtier than you think
Your blue skies faded to grey
Why do people insist on sitting near eachother on a school bus? It's like a 20 minute journey I'm sure you will survive sitting a metre away
Where ma bourbons at??
What happened to you?
why can't i just forget you
i love how you said you cared when clearly, nothing affected you
mila kunis tho
I think I've got the energy for me and Tom today
I feel so so happy right in this moment
I always have to tell myself 'think not say, think not say!'
My tea is pink this morning
