itscoralynn
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/547347037/517_400x400.JPG
http://t.co/QEX6OiZcM6 via @bookmarks
Its lik noone notices me..
Funny huh..
@JakeTAustin RT if u lovee your Italian fans! ILY
@JakeTAustin  ah! ur in n.y :) enjoyy the place.. it has its beautiful moments
@justinbieber i kno tht its a 1 in a MILLION chance tht u would ever tlk to me.but im jus askin for to retweet this  2 my life complete &lt;3
@ItsCoraLynnn u hav my name :D cool
Home alone. Twitter should be more livee :P
RT @TheBieberJonas: RT if you wished @justinbieber a happy birthday. #Happy17thBdayBiebs &lt;3
@justinbieber my sister nd i both wish u happy bday but she cant get on now. please retweet this to mak her happy :)
RT @justinbieber: waking up in Tokyo just had this strange feeling like i cant believe this is all happening. Im from Stratford ON...how ...
@justinbieber i kno its random nd u dont kno me personally, but it would mean the world to me if u followed me :)
I miss my followers nd bieber tweeterss! sooo im wayy back on twitter :/ . can my bieber ppls tell other tweeters to follow @itscoralynn :)
#Happy17thbdaybiebs &lt;3
Happy birthday @justinbieber ! i hope u enjoy being 17! live ur life as a teen even though u all famous nd crap lol!!
Half asleeppp... niteeee tweetersss lol i miss sayingg tht
whoo missseddd mee???
Yoooo i havent been on twitter in a minuteeee nd everyone is followingg meee.... i freaking luvv u guyss
Havent Been On Twitter In The Longest!!!!!!!!
well gotta go byeee tweetersss
is it sad tht i kno all these fast food restaurant songs on tv
800 588 2300 empire today- jus so u kno this is my fone number...call me!! xD
have it ur way- burger king
ba da ba baba im loving it- mcdonalds
u kno wen its real- wendys
im on a computer in the library where ur suppose to look 4 books. ur not supposed to b on the internet lik this lol
awesomeeee
14 tweets in lesss then 45 secs
blah
wut a perfect high school day!!
and it smells lik dog pee
my bac hurts
maddd nosy
or they could jus look u up and see wut ur writing
gonna keep tweeting....the only thing i dont lik about twitter is tht wen u wanna tlk about someone u cant cuz they could b following u!!
randomnessss...
im bored and i lik the kfcs song
so S-O G double O D GOOD!!!
middle skool....where the good times r
still in the library and drew a pic of sakura from naruto
bored and tired my freaking eye is red
oh... and hey tweetersss
i miss the good times...
RT @Armyboy62: @itscoralynn idk owly
sckool......dont wanna go......not again
heyy tweeters
r u not suppose to get tht paper for high school wen they tell u wut to bring!!!!???
it doesnt even feel lik it!!
and skool is tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!! noooooooo!!!! :(((
been a while since i been on and i miss u guys!!
hiiiii tweeters!!!!
dont rlly hav the happy sprit now... im scared dont wanna go to high school
bored and my stomach hurts... a little better cuz i finally got in contact with naruto...i couldnt watch it 4 a while
hey tweeters...
In the library finally
@BieberKingdomUS hiii im following @uniquebieber!!!
heyy tweeters havent been on in a while!! who missed mee
heyy tweeters wanted to say hii and thts it!! now....byee tweeters!!
but gonna go...cuz idk i dont feel lik tweeting *gasp!!! i kno but not now....byeee tweeters...
hi tweeters
its cold in here and i must be crazy i didnt say hii tweeters!!
now twitter is acting slow on me!!
bored and in the library have a 5 yr old next to me listening to california girls and keep saying "daisy dukes bikinis on top." tsk tsk tsk
866 669 8679! freaking commerical in my head!
My Mom Cant Stand 2 Hear The Name Justin Bieber Any More!. . . .idc ;)
"when I died you were the last thing on my mind."
Awesome! A Funeral Home Is Following Me! Does Tht Mean Everythings Free?
Girls R Lik Cell Fones. They Lik 2 B Held Nd Talked 2 But If T Press The Wrong Button U Will B Disconneted!
I Hate The Feeling Of Ur Fingers Wen Its Wrinkly!
Man I Want My Old Fone Bac!
A Cute Guy Caught Everyones Eye His Ways Mak Ppl Shiver We All Kno Nd Love @justinbieber
Wonder How H.s Is Going 2 B?
RT @DABieberBitches: DEAR HATERS; he's hot, your not, he's famous, your snot, girls love him, not you, get over it, please do, just admi ...
Im Am A Slave 2 A 5 Year Old......
RT IF U HAV DREAMS ABOUT JUSTIN!
Idk Y But All The Songs  From Summer Band Is Mixed Up In My Head?.....
Watchin Fairytopia! Feel Lik A Lil Kid Again
Hey Tweeters!
I Feel Violated!!
No AC but im glad there is air coming out the window!
My Cat Meowed At Me Cuz I Went On The Bed? Who The Hell Does He Think He Is???
Cleaning At Midnite... And Blasting Music. So Now I No Wut Steven Means Wen He Cant Sleep... Lol!
RT @fuckwatcher: FUCK! @itscoralynn: F.E.A.R= Fuck Everything And Run... Lol Said By @iBieberjerk &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;follow them&lt;&lt;&lt ...
F.E.A.R= Fuck Everything And Run... Lol Said By @iBieberjerk &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;follow them&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Chuck Norris Doesnt Pay 4 His Fone Bil, But Y Would He Need 2? Who Wants His Number. ... Lol
No Kappas Ppls On Now?? Y?
RT @DABieberVille: r e t w e e t - t h i s - i f - y o u r - i n - l o v e - w i t h - a - b o y - n a m e d - j u s t i n - d r e w - b ...
RT @iBieberLuvie: RT if you're Belieber and proud to be it &lt;33
I Made Tht Lil Thing Up Myself....
If U Run Ill Follow Kil Me Ill Haunt U If Ur Sick Ill B Ther If U Push Me Away Ill Always Care Hate Me Wutever U Do Dep Down I No U Lov Me 2
RT @iBieberLuvie: RT if you said JUSTIN or BIEBER today :D
Listening 2 Micheal Jackson!!
@OHBiebers srry! i put ur twitter name out there cuz i wanted 2 follow u nd this crappy fone makes it hard so i had 2 spell it out...
RT @justinbieber: I would like to hide in fear of the great CHUCK NORRIS #withdankanter
RT @OHBiebers: Sexy lips, dirty hips, nice ass, high class, sexy smile, bieber style. ♥
@OHBiebers
Bieber Facts Are Funny!
@justinbieber RT THIS PLEASE? just 4 fun....
Srry I Wuz Gone 4 A While... Went On The Train Nd Wuz Half Asleep! At Home Now....
Baby Is In My Head. Has Been All Day!... Yayyy!!!
Whoa...crowded.....
Just Got Out... Bored... Blonde Ppls Everwhere...
Having Fun In Toys R Us! Got A Huge Lollipop!!
RT @biebergiggles: RT if you want a Shoutout !
Heyy Tweeters! On My New Fone 4 Now.... Its Ok But I Want My Rumor!!
heyyyyy tweeters cant stay long but to all the kappa ppl!!! made a fb!! lol byee tweeterssss
byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee twitter be back wenever!!!!!
@RelltheKidd blah to u tooo!!! turtle!!! well ima gooooo sooooo byeeee byeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
sadness @darkmitressfran is playing pinball on gaia..... *sighh
owwwwwwww!!!!!!!! cramp cramp!!!!!!!! xp
@bieb2belieb heyyyy dudeeeeee
kappa pplllssss i miss u!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love celia cruz but the moments we have...
i wonderr how many ppls miss me from kappa????
caramelldansen too.... idk y but wen ever i listen to it it makes me smile...see im smiling now!! hehehe
future force stuck in my head!!!!!!!
@RelltheKidd wut??? i miss ppls!!!!
@justinbieber dudeee hows summer??
@AwwBieber follow miiz pleaseee??!!?? &lt;3
i miss being called orange and an oompa loompa!! thats how much i miss kappa :( someone PLEASE!! form kappa call me it it would mean so much
oh and hiii tweeters lol!! &lt;3
omgggggg emily made a twitter finally!!!!!!!!! @eme1203 follow her she is soooo fricking awesomeee!!!!!!!
kk byee tweeeters!!!
@justinbieber i saw you on ellen!! lol it was funny how she wanted to cut a piece of your hair!! :)
heyy tweeters just had to say one thing then im gone!!
RT @Jaylenex: I just got 4 apps from iTunes http://blippy.com/t/opop?s=tw
Ok I back... For a little while..... Cuz the stupid computer is acting up...
Going on the computer byeee tweeters!!! For now......;)
@iamteamjasminev
Om nom nom...... I MISS @Jaylenex!!!!!
Should I change my Twitter picture?? RT yes or no please?!?
@justinbieber RT if you are inspired by your fans!
To look at you and see that you love me and I don't to you,... Just get over me and everything goes back to normal- Gala
Hehehe my sisters trapped on Gaia!!
Idk y but there is an image of a dancing fish in my head?? He's orange!! He might be there for a while soo i'll name him bob &lt;3
Bleh blubber blah!!! ..... I'm B-O-R-E-D!!!!!!
My sisterdoesnt know different Twitter accounts... I tell u... Newbies!!
Lol my mom got MADD cuz she was trying to type on the iPod and her fingers were too big soo she gave up XD
Y did the screen get small????
The little mermaid song is in my freaking head!! Great....
My mom is behind me.. Oh no! Twitter is exposeddd!!!
Just ate mcdonalds... Yum ^_^
Mom won't let me get on the computer but I ht this iPod!!!
Seeeeee I'm back tweeters didn't tak that long ;)
Ima be gone fir a while!!!! Byeee tweeters!!!! I'm come back lateeeer!!
Whoa my bad I put @Jaylene and I meant @Jaylenex hehee srry ;)
Wonde t I can't RT.... .. I MISS @Jaylene!!! And @NiiCkiiEx2 an @XixDeJahXD and... Uhhhhhh... I think that's it.
It smells like someone took a bath on vinigear!!! Ughhhh that smells bad... Lik that lady thy wiz in the laundry she smelt.  2 bad 4 words
On the top of the page it says download Twitter for your "iPhone"..... I don't have an iPhone!!! I have an iPod touch!!! Get it straight ;)
I always had a trick for Twitter but have no idea wen to do it?? Hmmm....
Irbid??? How did that word get in there??
I am soooo bipolar!! I was just talking about how sad irbid to leave kappa and many memories and now I'm talking about owlcity!! Well... Wow
Just went bac on my tweets and now owlcity fireflies is in my head... Haven't heard from them in a while!
I just took "what jb song are u ?? " and got: common demoninator ! Try it: http://bit.ly/by0NVs
It's all gone! The happiness the Drama the crazy friends te retarded teachers!! No more... Now it's hs and so far.... Boring!!! Miss...kappa
I can't believe I cried on the las say of skool! I didn't even wen me and @jaylenex hugged! Then I got on the train bs no kappa, friends? :(
I'm going to kappa on plegde week or wutever it's called!! I have toooo!!!! Missing madddd pol rite now....
I miss kappa!!!! :( Celia Cruz is ok but all the pol I kno r hanging out with others and I'm in a section where u can't mak friends :(((
Now that's just rude!! How e they sold out on done old dude CDs but @justinbiebers are all out!! I could tak them all but I owe too much! :(
@justinbieber wish u could tlk to me! Dudee I know ur busy but a hii or hey would totally make my day ;)
Someone is playing singing in the rain on the computer... Sad... Nothing else to do but play old classics... *sighhhh
Hehehee I'm a bad girl!! Owe $19.74 on my library card... Yeah wondering who's paying for that? ;)
Breaking dawn is no where near this library!! Doesn't this crap gave anything at all?!?!?!
Even for Gaia man!!
Wooooooow I'm on the computer where u can search books and there's a book for Twitter on how to register tweets and te tips and tricks. Smh.
Woow my followers have maintained and I been gone for a while!! Thnkd for the love tweeters!!! &lt;3
@JBiebsTeam dudeee!! Following @bestbeliebthat!!!!!
I feel better typing on the iPod touch them the computer.. Idk y it seems more fun!!! Hehehe
Wow wen I sed "smile" u smile came into my head like that... I'm having a lot of bieber fever this summer. Exspecially in the heat!
Finally taking a break from YouTube! Been on it all freaking day just listening to caramelldansen. That song make me smile ;) lol!
Heyy tweeters! Sitting on the library floor just on Twitter!! Happy now tho... Can't believe I saw one of my besties Emily!!!!!
Gonna go!!! Gping outside which means noo wifi.... Byeeeee!!!
Ohhhhh major typos.... Cops I meant and that b wu a space...
Yeah I'm happy I sttod upstairs. As soon as I gotbout the elevators the coos were here taking a guy outside... Tsk tsk tsk.
Still at the library this is not good at all this can only mean one thing... I'm becoming a nerd :0... Bum bum bumm
My mom wants me to do something elsebut I wanna tweet!! Hehehe!!
@JBiebsTeam &lt;3
Wonder howmuc has happened since I haven't been on??
Hey sorry tweeters had to leave for a while but I'm back now
Heyy tweeers at the library with wifi!! Happy as can be!!
I just took "14 and pregnant with Justin Bieber's baby *Part 1-5*" and got: Part 3... R-Rated! Try it: http://bit.ly/cHXkjr
I just took "who will be ur valentine ?" and got: taylor lautner! Try it: http://bit.ly/ciNsMy
havent heard from @jaylenex in a while where r u my luv?????
its cuuz of that stupid fone y it had to break down???
woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow!!!!! i havent been on twitter in a minute!!
oh no! low battery!! gonna go 4 a while but i will b back!!! byee tweeters!!!
my mom wuz trying to print out my graduation pics....but it didnt work!!
blah bleh blu!
my hair is still the same as it wuz 4 prom nd graduation! leaving it lik tht till monday!!
:OO i jus passed a little girl tht looked 3 nd she asked her mom 4 the new iPhone and her mom sed ok ill get it tomorrow?? WTF!! I WANT ONE!
ohhhh @RockThatBieber and @rockthatbieber is the same person?? didnt kno xD
@Bieber4Sizzle and they didnt even put up a fight, they didnt even make a sound ! -Halo
@Lik_a_vampire i &lt;3 vampires! :)
@RelltheKidd wut? ur a nerd addict! i can b a bieber addict!!!!
@jaykpurdy ok considered urslef followed! :)
mouther f****r killed me!!!!! i nvr madd another one again....it made me feel lik i wuz rlly living tht life. IT GOT ME PISSED!!
other son died in my house fire....then sasuke goes nd cheat on mii wit this blonde b****h i wanted to slap him so i fought him nd tht(cont)
i had a husband named sasuke nd wuz pregnant wit twins then my life turned around...i got shot but recovered my son drowned nd my (cont.)
my sister bought sims 3 on her fone...but she cant do tht much! omg lik i did!!
@Jaylenex welcomeeee!! well ima try nd get all the famous ppl to see ur videos but u kno tht @justinbieber had to go first ;)
@Bieber4Sizzle i do!!!!
@RelltheKidd WHOOO HOOOO!!!!!!!! BIEBER ADDICT!!!!
@justinbieber plus since everyone is practically in love wit u a lot of ppl will listen nd start to notice.plzz? n her twitter is @Jaylenex
@justinbieber jus look at all her videos nd tell mii wut u rate them? cuz i rlly think she is a great actor!
@justinbieber it would mean the world to me if u went on youtube.com nd searched this girl #itsjaylene...she rlly wanna b famous !! :)
@justinbieber it would mean the world to me if u went on youtube.com nd searched this girl #itsjaylene...she rlly wanna b famous !! n)
@RelltheKidd i am an addict tho......
omgg i hate it wen my mom maks mii feel bad!!
RT OMG! if only kappa ppl could c this now #FML @greatbeliebers: Your tan looks great LOL JK you look like a fuckinn' orange!
i jus had to sit down! omg i wuz outside 4 lik 30 mins ur taking pics wit my grad. stuff on nd these freaking heels r killing my feet!
lol i made a rap in my head!!! using all of @justinbiebers songss!!!! &lt;&lt;&lt;3 u babe ;)
EpicFail- i could open a wallet.....didnt kno there wuz a button to push #EpicFail
idk wut to wear on monday! i got all these outfits nd idk wut to wear!!!
got my new army outfit lol.....its sooo cute jus had to get it!!!!!
@justinbieber Lol!! SOMEBODY TO LOVE  is on 2 radio stations.....but. idk which to leave on i keep going back nd forth xD
got madd clothes!!!!!
the lady in front of me in dancing to it!!!!! xD
micheal jackson blasting in rainbows!
@BieberPRangers omg LOL!! im still cracking up!! ppl r looking but idc! ur tweets made my freaking day!!!
heiii tweeters!
gonna go 4 . while...only 2 batteries nd ima b bored nd i dont want it to die....ttyl tweeters!!
omgee 2 blocks nnd im already tired....
ughhh how many ppl r going to flirt wit my mom???
wanna go into the back!! thts where the magic happens....;)
sext teacher asking me about hs!!! LOLl!OMGGG I WANT HIMM!!!!
nxt to sexy teacher!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
omgee these lil kids nd flirting wit mii cuz im older then them....nd they wanna look cool wit an older gf. lik dudes?!? im a year older!!!
everything is going on...there taking 4ever to do this...we should jus leave!
hehehe........i would leave prof sexy scary 4 this sexiest teacher anyday! :D
ima be is in my head now......different songs at different minutes! *sigh...
ughhhhh great!! i jus heard we hav a long walk to the park!!!! i dont wanna walk! D:
woooow....tweeters come from all around the world! :0
yummy in my tummy! sandwich nd chips!!
aww theres a little pink guitar in the music room...i decided to play it but it only has 5 strings but i need 6!
this is wut i hate about this freaking skool!!! there r 2 sets of stairs 4 every floor wit no elevator! 4th floor!! ughh!!
theres this guy in my sisters skool tht from the bac it looks lik lwidng!!
@RelltheKidd mii tooo!! tht wuz the best song we played 4 7th grade!
:o omg i almost got ran over wit a bike....i would hav been flattenn.......xD
dont wanna stay in a park 4 hours watching my sister nd her friends run around!!! i wuz better off home...
omg now its northpoint!!!!!!!!!
omg now primitivo is in my head! the song we played in band last year 4 our concerts.it jus came out of no where!i feel lik a radio station!
@RelltheKidd ohhhhhh thnk u!
heard brazil is playing today....fro mwut everyone says about them i hope they win!
now different songs from the sound of music is in my freaking head!!!!! i havent seen tht in a life time yet i kno the songs word by word!
aww idk???'
heiii tweeters .....DOWNTOWNN!!!! the only reason i say downtown is cuz i cant spell madhatan..no no...mathantan...nah thts not it.manhatan?
on the train which means tht ima lose signel at lik anytime...aww goodbye twitter till i get to 103! good byee tweeters....lol jk ill b bac!
and other ppl tht i either dont remember there twitter or they dont hav a twitter!!!
gonna miss @Jaylenex @NiiCliiEx2 @XixDeJahXD emily...(who should mak a twitter) well @Armyboy62 is covered cuz im seeing him in hs. (cont)
last day of skool on monday....omgeee!!! ima start crying! :(
soo i saved the video tht @bieberarmy did nd ill watch it at home cuz im on my fone now!
omgggg!!!!!! an old lady slapped my a** as she wuz getting off the bus...O_o! nd great now theres an old guy in bac of me *sigh!
went on through the back cuz i got no metrocard...nd these bus drivers r freaking mean!!!
getting on the 39 noww!!!!!
there is a scar on my arm shaped as a star!!!
wait wut happened in the video?? wut is it?????
my hair is still in the style tht it wuz in 4 prom...i rlly lik it! BOUNCY CURLS LOL!!
wut did @bieberarmy do? im confused!!!
outside nd the sun is shining in my friggin face!!! ...electric slide still in my head :))
dancing down my kitchen hall singing the electric slide! :)
eletric slide is still in my head from all the dancing nd stuff!!! tht song never leaves!
thinkin bout prom!! wish i could go backk!!! now i gotta go 2 my sis stupid field day.i dont wanna but my mom isnt goin 2 let me stay home!
heiiiii tweeterss
nd im kinda tired jus had to post tht nitee tweeterss!!!!! &lt;3
fun allll dayy nd nightt got home at 10:25! thts how late i stood out!!!
omgggggggg rpom wuz awesomeeee!!!!!!!!! got to dance wit lik everyoneee!!!!!!!! omg i wanna go baccccccc
heiiiii tweetersss didnt get to tlk to u in a whileee!!!!!!
im bacc tweeters!!!! omg i hav to practice odeeto play perfectly at graduation! cant believe im graduating tomorrow?!?!?! :D
now every time a nickel drops out my pocket i think its a penny! im blind to money!!
u smile is in my head :) but i dont mind lol
lol i skipped to the freaking bathroom!!!'
a bunch of old guys on the bus with canes nd old glasses r talking about facebook?? wow =/
going to get my hair done tomorrow...which means i gotta get up extra freaking early!!! lik at 8 to get there at 9 wen it opens...
went to go nd get my feet nd nails done...it looks nice. plain nd simple...AND IT HAS BLACK IN IT!
heii tweeters o nthe bus heading homee!!!
my sister is such a f*****g snitch! anything i do wrong its "mom coralyn did this, ma coralynn is there, mommy look wut coralynn did" UGH!!!
"He could be the one" is stuck in my headd!!!!! everyday a new song must be stuck in my head...wow :)
it looks nice out today :)
its getting late...need to be early so @XixDeJahXD doesnt hav my earliness anymore!!
@iBieberBabe im following @DisneyBeauty !!! :)
im a bad girl on twitter in the morning wen i rlly should b eating cereal nd putting on my shoes. but twitter....ITS SO AMAZING!!! :D
RT @JBieberGurl94: i'mma making new list. Who wanna be listed 10 times? juust RT this. (must be following me) :)
heii tweeters dont wanna go to skool.....its the last day 4 mii tho nd then i gradaution nd after tht i dont hav to come to skool.
@RelltheKidd awww thts sweet....well didnt u come back?
heyy tweeters!!!!!!!
this song i nvr heard of is in my head nd idk y?
gott 2 different shoes.
RT @GaGaForBieber: "I'm breaking up with you.""Why?!""I love someone else.""Who?""Justin Bieber.".
@itsjuliiaa follow?
y does funeral have the word fun in it anyway...last time i checked funerals arent rlly tht fun? it should be fueral...now tht looks morbid!
i put the "fun" in funeral! :D
sometimes i wonder why that frisbee is getting bigger...and then it hits me!
if we all learned from our mistakes shouldnt i be a freaking genius by now??
its men like you that make women gay...
i love poetry, long walks on the beach, a gentle breeze and...POKING DEAD THINGS WITH A STICK! :D
sex is a sensation dued to tempation wen a guy puts his location in a girls destination to increase the population of the future generation.
im going tp put different quotes on twitter...hope u RT it!
@RelltheKidd does tht mean u miss me??
hehehe SOMEBODY TO LOVE is blasting on the radio!!! @justinbieber! Awesomee song!!!
well at skool g2g byee tweeters ttyl &lt;3!!!
tht wuz a lot of cars!! 68!! u kno everytime i name a car color on twitter i see most of it wen i start counting...TWITTER MAGIC!
woah a lot soo far!
wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow...im jus bored!!! hey ill count cars. the color is silver..ill get bac to u later
@omgidothattoo follow mee pleasee?? &lt;3
something is in my eye nd i cant get it out!!! D: wahhh!!
murry had a little lamb is in my head...lol i keep humming it o nthe bus nd ppl r looking at mii!
none nada kaploop! .....hey look the bus is here :D
RT if your not in new york
#ihateitwhen ur waiting 4 the bus nd its madd late nd nothing comes. u look on the other side of wit the bus going the other way n 5 pass!
no bus yet which means im gonna be very very late. great! i cant tak getting scream2d at by barrett! nd its the end of the skool yr. ugh!
who knew cute guys would be at the bus stop this damn late ;)
hoping now someone is in there car about to pass the 40 bus stop....someone i kno nd jus pick mii up!!
heii tweeters i jus got to the freaking bus stop!! turns out @XixDeJahXD still has my earliness....argh!
aww gotta go to sleep....cant be active wit BIEBER FEVER while sleeping...or can i?? ima find out now! nitee tweeters!!!
@justinbieber my mom sed u look lik u were in the army wen u cut ur hair...lol.
@BieberVirus come on keep going!!! i lik this game LOL
@XxBabyWavyxX 2(together)!! ......idk im jus going along LOL
i nvr knew u could come up with soo many names on twitter tht invole @justinbieber?
@JDBUniversal Bieber!
@BieberVirus he could be the one?
my hand smells lik baby johnson lotion...hmmm
i feel loved by followers! thnk u guys sooo much 4 the amount i hav rite now!! &lt;3
RT @JustinBsPenis: RT if you want 50 new followers. (: MUST BE FOLLOWING ME AND @BieberBeauty I'll check I'm picking one person in 5 minutes
everywhere i turn ppl on twitter is saying good nite wen here it smorning nd morning wen i mhalf asleep! wow...tweet me tellin me where u r
@JDBUniversal I DO!!!! &lt;3
eww i nvr ate toasted pizza???
lol my sister thought @justinbieber wuz black :D hehehe!
if i drop my fone one more time then it will nvr recover from brain damage!
oops mean two nd a half men....lol i always get it wrong...
watching two men and a half!
ohh noo!!! lol BIEBER FEVER!!! all of @justinbieber songs r rushing in my head!!!! ;D
northpoint is in my head!! i wish we could play it at graduation then play air 4 band. thts boring nd will mak ppl sleep. we need ppl alive!
heii tweeters cant sleep nd everyone is already...
im wearing a short ass skirt tht says belize on it!!! ohhhh im representin! haha
never say never is stuck in my head ;)
ouch! the cute lil chubby baby slapped me in my eye!!
@itscoralynn hiii dudee
heading home now...on the 22! the bus im terrified of now...
awwwww cute lil chubby baby on the bus!! :D
got a new blue nail polish. gonna put it on nd if i go to skool tomorrow then i can show it to my buddies!
its still hot out nd its rush hour time!
@BipolarBearApp AWESOMEE!
i finally see a KFC?? i havent seen one in a while!
@BiebsNation Alexa?
looking 4 the jewwlery ima wear 4 graduation...which is this thrusday!! :D
the ice cream truck is playing jack nd jill :/.... y cant it jus bac to good old entertainer??
wish i could go to at least on eof @justinbieber's concerts...only if my moms had the money 4 something tht big :'(
still out downtown! its funn were going shopping 4 who knos wut??'
i see a hannah montana bag!! 2 in 1 @Jaylenex lol
surrounded by 2 black ppl tht i nvr saw before!!
i saw a mermaid commercial! *cough @Jaylenex cough cough....hehehe
a 5 yr old claims tht my name is omar??!?
in bk wit friends!! got a brainn freeze from this huge icyy!!!
lol i changed the location to my tweets to go to the united kingdom
WUT HAPPENED NO ONE RETWEETED MY 3000 TWEET???? U GONNA PLAY MII LIK THT???? D:
....I LOVE PANCAKES!!! :D
r u ready 4 my 3000 tweet its going to be freaking awesomeee!!!!!
lol tht wuz a wasteful tweet!!!!
4 more away
omg  gotta be careful twitter almost went over the limit!! if i would hav saw tht stupid fat whale i would hav smashed the cpmuter!!
oopss my bad meant listed
remember RT my 3000 tweet nd shoutout? lited 20 times? huh huh?? lol
rock my world by Micheal Jackson is inmy freaking head... i didnt even hear tht all day?!?!?!?
hav fun ppls at the senior tripp!!! hope its awesomee
there u go!!! 2,990 come on im almost there
how come my tweets arent going up??? its jus stuck at 2,981??
i didnt kno tht the world cup wuz the largest sporting event in the world
i got a lot of DMs dudes. even from ppls i nvr heard of??
im still tweeting sooo be ready
how about this...whoever RTs my 3000th tweet gets a major shoutout nd gets listed 20 times
im jus writing wutever so i could get up to 3000 tweets
they should tak us to japan
i would hav wanted to go if it were out of new york nd the usa...
but y mom would hav nvr plaid 200 dollars 4 a stupid trip tht is already in the usa
it seems lik different ppl r having fun
do u think it would hav been better if i went on the senior trip??
im tired
everyone says dear john is sooo good nd i hav it rite in my house nd didnt even see it yet??? :/
can someone out there in the twitter world please play WWYD????
@ShakeitBieber i would read it but its blocked on my computer rlly sucks
i want my background it wont show.... the computer is toooo slow
hey!!! 1 more follower thill 120!!! AWESOMEE
i shoudl make an FML twitter yhy would be fun
almost up to 3000 tweets im going to try nd get there today
i lik the computer better it is easier to RT different things!!! i could RT all night except i dont live in this skool...
RT @LouiseBeliebs: laying in my bed.. @justibieber should join me. (;
ohh shoot i spelled his twitter wrong on twitter...shame on me :( i meant @justinbieber!!!
@justinbiber i love you &lt;3  i might as well keep saying that till it gets in ur head that we belong together! lol omg.i sounds lik a stalker
still on tweeters didnt leave yet. just checking out narutocentral.com
these kids r surrounding me cuz im on twitter...im getting scared this is lik a gangster skool where they put the mini guns to ur head :(
do u think u tweeters can help mii get to 130 followers by today? if u dont i understand its ok :)
kinda glad i didnt go to skool i heard tht there wuz rlly no one there
heiii tweeters on the computer in my sisters skool its not tht boring anymore cuz i hav twitter!!
Check this out - http://is.gd/cXSmK
YMCA is in my head!
@BieberTrends KISS ME!! then i kno he would come back for me ;)
RT @weluvJBieber: RT if you want 20+ DMs to Justin . Must be following
@JBieberBoy94 dudeee!! follow mee!! Please :D &lt;3
yayyyyy the tweets show up!!!
i hope twitter works 4 mii now...
work twitter work!!!!!!
im bacc tweeters srry i wuz under a tunnel. now im at a boring meeting! ughh mayb it wuz better to go to skool...
srry @NiiCkiiEx2 i kno u wanted mii to go to skool but  ijus dont wanna....
heiiiii tweeters not going to skool!!!!!
the little kids r playing cops nd robbers...im bored!! dont wanna play wit them!!
@justinbieber follow @itscoralynn u wont be let down! ;)
wut the heck am i doing at a fathers day barbucue?! im not a father!!
heiii tweeters bored at a fathers day barbucue!
my back hurtss!!!!
follow &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;@RockThatBieber&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; follow them nowww!!!!
yayyyy its showing up noww!!!! :)
wutever i tweet it wont show up :(
watching sesame street this show is awesomeeee
@RockThatBieber Bieber facts!! &lt;3
the graduation song is in my friggin head!! but i actually like it!! &lt;3
@RockThatBieber follow me please? &lt;3 it would mean a lot
i hate tht u cant rlly do anything on this damn fone!!!
@justinbieber come on and creep you little creeper ;) and to add with that can you find in your little bieber heart to RT this or follow me!
heiii tweeters im up early again which is bad. I wuz supposed to be sleeping!! ugh!
gonna gooooo byeeeeee tweetersss!!
should i still be up???
@justinbieber i jus downloaded SOMEBODY TO LOVE on my phone. Lol my brother is dancing to it!! Thats a good sign!! &lt;3
rite now im watching clifford....i didnt kno tht t-bone wuz a bull dog??
@justinbieber my dreams would be complete if u jus follow me! Happiness would strike me!!
heii tweeters woooow wut a ride jus got bac home from 6 flags!!! can i say AWESOMEE!
gonna go 4 a while nd hav funnn!!!!!! byeeeeeee
dont kno where to go nxt.....hmmm?
yoooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! king da kong wuz sickkkkkk!!!!!!!!!! OMGGGG WANNA GO AGAINNN!!!!!! it goes madd highhhh
woah its hot! the freaking line is moving madd fastt!!!
on the lineeeeee alreadyyy!!!!!!! omg my heart is racing!!!!!!! :o
wooooooooo!!!!! first ride im getting on! THE KING DA KONG!!!!!
is everyone getting the same fone as mii man????
i am getting on all rides idk wut kind!!! ALL!!!!!!
were going in!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OMGGGG!!!!! WERE GOING INTO THE SAFARII!!!!!!
@RelltheKidd hes jus annoying at times but good annoying lik li lbrother annoying soo thts y i beat him up
wtf y is my signal low??? is there no signal in new jersey????
@RelltheKidd hes jus a year younger then mii it doesnt rlly matter!!
fried chicken!!!!! yumm ^_^
@RelltheKidd how?
lol i wuz beating up a random boy on the bus! xD
im on the bus alonee!!!! everyone went to the bathroom but i dont hav to go!!! ITS A PARTY IN THE BIG BUS!!
hehehe...
the song Havent met you yet is in my head now!!
yayyyyyy!!!!! skittle gum!
the bum in the store is helping my mom mak tea -_- wow!
yo these ppl talk here lik they from harlem...saying yo word nah down my block chill nd more! cooool! @Jaylenex can learn somethin from them
lots of people no bus! WTF!!! im impatience wen it come to fun places!!!
nd king da kong nd bizzaro nd the batman nd sooo much moree!!!!!!
im bored nothing to do....jus wanna get to the park! AND GET ON FREAKING SKULL MOUNTAIN!!
want a bacon nd egg sandwich!!
finally here not tht much pplz i talk to but its something!
finaaalllyy im here!!!! gotta wait 4 the bus to tak us!
finally downtown!!!!
the songs airplanes is blasting in the cab!!
omg one time is in my head ever since my mom sed to mii let mii tell u one time nd then i sung from there. she got mad cuz i wuznt listening
thinking about all the good times i had in kappa nd how its all almost over..... =( ima odee cry at gradaution!!
speeding on the highway!!!
still tired tho...woke up nd i wuznt ready to wake up!
in a cab running late we were supposed to get there at 8:15 nd its almost 7:50. jus hope we can get there in time!!
omg i had the weirdest convo wit moises! i should hav nvr did it...
going to 6 flagsss!!!!!! happy days! im going on skull mountain first
heiiiii tweeters up earlyy!!!
cant believe im going to 6 flags again!!!!!!!! gonna go tomorrow!!!!! ^_^'
gone into burger king holding a mcdonalds cup. emabarassed by wut the cashier is loooking at u try nd hide the cup #idothistoo
heii tweeters im baccc
im baccc tweeters
ohhhh nooo under the tunnel......almost gone
i didnt kno wut wuz going on. i wuz kinda scared
plus my throat wuz lik feelling funny wen we were jus finished wit the song we r going to sing 4 graduation
if the train goes under neath the tunnel ill nvr hav internet nd nothing to do!!
got to say bye 2 her from the train window lol ^_^
awwww @Jaylenex is leaving mii!! ima b lonley!!
heiiiii tweeters on the train wit @Jaylenex
gonna gooo dudesss gotta present
i think @Jaylenex is on her fone tooo
mii nd @NiiCkiiEx2 is on the fone
heii tweeters in ela....cant believe tht skool is almost over
well tweeters ima go cuz i dont want my fone to b damaged wen i c leslie sooo ttyl byeeee
hes trying to trick mii he went the other way to push mii into something ugh
oh noooo leslie is in bac of mii.....tht can only mean one thing im going into the wall today...
its cold on the bus dudes.....i hate wen its cold in a certain place but its already cold outside!
one stop away from skool nd i bet its late.
the dude didnt hav a metrocard "GET THE HELL OFF MY BUS! YOU HAV TO HAV A METROCARD!! GET OFF!!!" tht is exactly wut he sed...
how can a bus driver be sexiest to his own sex? i mean i dont hav a metrocard he talks to mii nicely nd tells mii to get on. (cont.)
heyy tweeters omg jus got on the bus!! im soooo late! but it wuz agreed tht @XixDeJahXD took my earliness! now i hav her lateness!!! ugh!
alrite im getting off of twitter 4 the rest of the nitee....tired nd eating so nite tweeters byeee
@RelltheKidd got pizzaa!!!!
@RelltheKidd same one from last time too!
talk to the person i hate jus so they dont feel bad #omgidothistoo
watch a kids show but dont tell most of my friends because theyll call me a baby #omgidothistoo
eat something cold eat something hot later on ur still hot even after u had cold things! #omgidothistoo
come home knowing im supposed to do certain things but go on twitter nd foget about it. #omgidothistoo
@RelltheKidd hehehe....ICE CREAM!!!! :D
@RelltheKidd where u say aww out of nowhere???
aww there making fun of the short kid....i didnt kno abraham lincoln wuz short!
woah te piano scared the hell out of mii....wow
@RelltheKidd y the aww then??
@RelltheKidd u dont hav to feel bad tho?
yo a fairy wit blue hair jus came out the river!!  only if it were a mermaid then i could say @Jaylenex !
awww a poor family of blodes....its soo cute tho....the dad wanna help them b rich...
kids use to go crazy wit tht game army....it looked lik they were rlly dying!
@RelltheKidd yeaa soo y did u feel bad 4 mii??
its lateeee!!!! I WANT MY MOMMY!!!!!
@Jaylenex aww come on its an owl! u can name it anything! lik any name....jus b creative about it!! lol!
@RelltheKidd yeaa i want a fox!
u can play caramelldansen different ways but only one way sounds the bestiest!!
@RelltheKidd wut u felt bad 4?
@RelltheKidd it means somethings cute or u feel bad 4 something
@Jaylenex to name an animal by its name is jus plain annoying to mii...but owly? lik dude a lil more created!!
@Armyboy62 LOL! arnold if u name ur owl tht he wont respond nd probably fly away nd nvr come bac...im srry but wut kinda name is tht?
@RelltheKidd wait im always confused wen u do tht!! awwww what??
@RelltheKidd sooo....i cant see it unless im in the country or arnold gets one! soo thts wut! nd wut!?!?
@RelltheKidd tht wuz nasty pizza!
@Armyboy62 cool! wut would u name it?
tht last note goes high man!
im still awesomee!!! played the whole thing of air 4 band
my mom owns me pizza wen she gets home! =/
@RelltheKidd wut??? its not rlly the easiest animal to find. they dont jus fly around u lik dirty pigeons!!
LOL!!!! i learned the theme 4 pillow pets on the piano!!! xD
playing all the songs i kno on the piano!!
@Armyboy62 oh awesomee!! if u bring a owl tak a pic nd send it...i wanna c it. believe it or not nvr saw a real owl?
singing the theme song to pillow pet! Its a pillow...its a pet...ITS A PILLOW PET!!
@Armyboy62 thts gonna b kinda hard huh?
wishing i wuznt alone...
wanna watch naruto!!!! wow....i cant remember the last time i sed tht??
@RelltheKidd huh? aww? wut did i do??
@Armyboy62 You should get an owl nd an eagle. an eagle has a sharp eye nd the owl is sure to stay by ur side
RT @ItsTheTeenLife: Are you seriously talking to me? Cause, I'm pretty sure i hate you. #ItsTheTeenLife
@Armyboy62 oh wow thts rlly cool! u should get a fox arnold! nd mak it bite ppl or it can help u hunt too!
@Armyboy62 OMG COOL!!! amber has a fox???
im a mommys girl....i feel more safe wen my moms home! nd all i hav 4 comfort is a cat who licks his own butt!!! damn...i need a dog.
now i hav to turn on all the lights in my house cuz its gonna get mad dark. and lik i sed. I.AM.TERRIFED.OF.THE.DARK!!. UGH! wut a day.
my mom is still downtown!!! wtf! i dont wanna b home alone til 11:00pm! ill b knocked out!!!! lik sleeping!
i remember wen @XixDeJahXD told me she didnt lik how babies talk! how can u not lik how they talk wen they dont talk at all?! LOL!!
I want to own a fox! To hav him in my room on my bed....i would rush home everyday jus to c him. THTS IT! its decided im getting a fox!
@RelltheKidd LOL! i kno dude!! im boredddd......nothing to do wanna go out!
LOL RT @BieberNB team jacob ! team edward ! how about team STFU..
not even a call telling me where they r!
no ones is in my house yet! still home alone....dont wanna b but w.e
i think i should jus eat crackers....blech! tht peanut butter didnot agree wit me! my stomach is killing me now!!!
@RelltheKidd wuts true?
@Armyboy62 well i took it as a complement :). AND STOP BEING MEAN!! lol...
@j_bieber_60mins wow! u rlly want @justinbieber to follow u!! well dont giv up at all hell notice one day &lt;3
@Armyboy62 thnk u! :)
u see this isnt going to work! i cant wear a blue outfit tomorrow wit pink nail polish!! IT JUST DOESNT WORK!!!
@Jaylenex theres this worm my friend jasmine keeps nd she named it bob. she livs on beach so it would b easy 4 mii to get it. LOL
the only one who could actually kill me is @justinbieber. i bet if i ever get to see him im gonna hav a stroke! ;)
@RelltheKidd idk im jus weird lik tht! xD
@WeLuvJBieber DREW!
@Jaylenex ok ok....i wuz gonna bring in my friend bob sanchez...
@RelltheKidd its hard to explain....there jus all crazy!
@Jaylenex hey....u kno i can help u? .....
@RelltheKidd my cs102 friends r very weird!!
@macboy113 dude follow me! :D
tht sad video @Jaylenex showed me is in my head...exspecially the song. i think im tearing! its soo sadd!!! =(
i wonder y i always miss cyberchase? i mean lik its lik i nvr get to c it cuz im doing something....blah!
@RelltheKidd nah uhhhh!! i kno someone is has a fear of doors! she cant open them cuz it squashed her fingers last time so ha! thts weird!
@RelltheKidd wut?? its a fear!
@Jaylenex yeaa rite wit the bugs?? u booked it wen prof joyce found tht roach in the box...dude u were under the freaking table!
@biebergiggles I LOV THE TRIDENT!! :D
RT I LOV IT! @biebergiggles: RT if you love gum &lt;3!!
@Jaylenex im scared of the dark.Lol....buts it weird cuz im a night person. i cant b in the dark unless its wit someone.
all the bieber fans r in california??? AWESOME!
oh crap.....i swear i heard them say *bitch* on cyberchase! woow!! omg tht wuz funny! xD
@Jaylenex ....O_o wow u r scared of a lot of things
i put a silly band on my cat nd he popped it!! blech!!
RT IF U HAV SILLY BANDS ON NOW!
omg i thought i heard someone outside....whoa...almost lost my mind!!
@Jaylenex LOL!! oh jj....gullible crazy jj....thts not real its not even scary believe me!
@Jaylenex lmfao!!! omg thts funny....wait which one? the one i named jaylene or the one tht has no eyes???
ugh my back starting hurting...bloof!!!
follow &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;@biebergiggles&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;FOLLOWWW!!!plzz :)
@Jaylenex truue! kinda....scariest!! LOL then i guess u would hav to do wit wut u had....oh! sleep wit ur mac!!
coool maya nd miguel!!!!
@Jaylenex Lol! Wait...tht is scary O_o 666 double. if i were u i would put tht jesus poster ur mom has in her room in urs!! :)
shoutout 4 shoutout? :D
awwwwwwwwww its so cute wen ppl get bac together
peanut butter nd crackers! yum :)
omg we hav half a day tomorrow?!??!?!! thts awesomee!!!! =D
it would b rlly creepy wen u hav 666 followers nd it stays lik tht O_o i would b afraid. very afraid
@Armyboy62 shut up i can dance....u cant u shouldnt b talking xp
haha. in Toy Story 3 they called ken a girls toy...*sigh wanna c tht movie!!
@Armyboy62 jus trying to b nice dude.....gosh relax!!
