TinyButPowerful
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/2129749344/image_400x400.jpg
@YasminVioletH I know haha we shall do that soon I just need to sort things out first x
@YasminVioletH well I'd come with you haha x
@YasminVioletH I don't know what you wearing x
@YasminVioletH yeah haters will hate haha but oh we'll we gonna have a good night tomorrow x
@YasminVioletH it's about their family which is just nasty did you read my mums stays earlier it kinda explains it all x
Wanting me to have a crap birthday what the fuck is wrong with you, do glad I've had a good day and it'll stay good... Bet it pisses you odd
Give it a try http://t.co/KGhprPVB
Raspberry Ketone Diet http://t.co/mDaQIx10
Raspberry Ketone is the new way to naturally lose weight! http://t.co/2KpVyAsk
Make more bucks today! I show you how you too can become http://t.co/VZ626MDT
http://t.co/HWaEf1Z9
http://t.co/aemPQTqZ
@emilyastridge your teas down here xxx
So I now have no reason to watch xfactor as I was watching it to see @lspraggen hope she's better soon and gets some more music out
I have been sat here for an hour and twenty mins.... @emilyastridge I wish they'd hurry up I'm getting grouchy sat here x
@emilyastridge loves you too... alot more now that youve got to deal with me haha xxx
@TottallyTina what's up Teenie? Text me or something x
RT @FemaleBook: Don't make a girl fall for you if you have no intention of catching her. It hurts.
RT @FemaleBook: Sometimes, the only thing that gets me out of bed in the morning is the chance I might get to talk to you.
Stick temporary tattoos on max and this is what happens to me http://t.co/4mu0iLnw
RT @girlposts: When your crush does something cute to you &amp; you can't stop smiling. ♥
@_numb41bitch max blowing a kiss to you all from the three of us and we all miss you two x http://t.co/UfV0eisM
@_numb41bitch we miss you and Mumsie lots but hoping you having a good time  http://t.co/pEVO08Uh
My little chav @_numb41bitch  http://t.co/xvvUS8WP
@_numb41bitch left this for me so I don't miss her whilst she is away... Naww http://t.co/5f6pbaeJ
@_numb41bitch and max with me got to love how max is cut out because he's shorter  http://t.co/lxbVACQG
Good night last night and then you fucking message me and make me feel like shit... Why can't you leave me alone I'm sick of it
@emilyastridge recognise these I managed to find my ones haha finally have shoes to go and have a fag in  http://t.co/crcj7N1O
Just sat in the car minding my own business and look next to me and these are who I'm sat next too... Doesn' http://t.co/3fsRXe5e
Haydn 0 Ryan 3
Ryan 2 Haydn 0
Haydn 0 Ryan 1... Enjoying watching this guitar hero contest
Daphne the fourth and final beardie http://t.co/n8xIrR3Q
Shaggy the third of the beardies  http://t.co/qBUI3kMB
Crazy frog the second of the beardies http://t.co/Q4svDWQu
Vernon the first of the beardies  http://t.co/5phsPopm
Feels soo much better seeing as I'm a lot thinner than I used to be
Lovely dinner last night with the family and my man, just wish I hadn't had to sleep alone last night
time to go get my cuddles i suppose even though my baby cuddled up to me all night... this is how its meant to be us happy
think ive got my man into sons of anarchy... I am good haha
@TottallyTina m'dear we need to have a tea day soon okay... so means you coming to mine and sitting in my kitchen and finishing that talk x
Having such a good day... Loves you Teenie-Rae @TottallyTina xxxx
@emilyastridge I'm still in bed x
RT @Notebook: Boys, if you pay more attention to the words of every girl's favorite songs, you'll find out everything she's too afraid t ...
I miss my chuckie hair.... Kinda want it back but I have to tone down. Chuckie will love munch for turning her @emilyastridge
@emilyastridge Friday you shall be seeing me are you at your dads cause if so I'll be round before you finish school to see you xxx
RT @_youCunt: don't know why i even look in the mirror, i'm never happy with what i see
@emilyastridge it's cool I've sent a text to you mum asking her but I'll be round sometime this week xxx
@emilyastridge hey do you know what dad is working this week as was gonna come up and bring a surprise guest XD xxx loves you munch
RT @NotesForGirlz: If a girl has a wall up it's because it was built. Brick by brick, lie after lie, heartbreak after heartbreak.
RT @Notebook: If I treated you the way you treated me, I promise you wouldn't have stuck around the way I did
RT @girlposts: I can't explain the smile that appears on my face whenever you talk to me.
RT @iadorewomen_: I want a chilled relationship... we dont have to go visit places &amp; be fancy
RT @iadorewomen_: Sometimes she just wants to cuddle no sex, no making out just cuddling &amp; feeling secured
Well thought I would write you a letter @TottallyTina http://t.co/04cDqy6a
@TottallyTina but we have to be careful as we burnt already xxx
Having finger curls done to my hair nice pin up style I need to learn
@TottallyTina I loves you, and if you need to talk just get hold of me okay.... Teenie I loves you loads in our weird way ;) xxxxx
I am
Fucked I should drink jäger bombs and I now this
Night in watching the lost boys with my
Baby
@TottallyTina how have you been feeling I never asked and have we spoken to your daddy lately xxxx
@TottallyTina I know as I love you Teenie and yeah you should do you can meet Blake aswell xxxx
@TottallyTina ah ok well if you want to come join us and thank you T x
@TottallyTina ok yeah fair enough but yeah haha and Girly night nuthouse Saturday xxx
@TottallyTina why is it confusing? X
@TottallyTina sorry but couldnt deal with all that earlier kinda getting sick of tash doing this when I'm with someone x
@TottallyTina you have been my rock for years now and a year ago today you was there for me the most I'd ever needed you, I love you xxx
Someone just lock me in a cupboard, give me the essentials like a kettle and tea stuffs and just check on me like once a day...Pretty please
Feel like death this morning and sobered up way too quickly last night... Don't know what to do I miss you x
What do you do when you miss someone but don't know whether to get back with them
I sobered up way too quickly
@RizzleKicks gig tonight with @emilyastrado can't wait been waiting months for this
On the bus on my way to work... Not even give hours sleep and I feel fine, glad I not got work tomorrow nice lay in :)
Amazing night just wish I'd made a move.. Oh well I will next time. God I really like her
@emilyastridge hell yeah x
@emilyastridge what do you think x
@emilyastridge it was a
One way relationship and I gave up x
RT @FIirtationship: I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.
@TottallyTina how do you not want to meet a dog as dumb as this x http://t.co/yi67h3OC
Bailey is such a cutie today... @TottallyTina you'll love him http://t.co/xyNlyR36
“@girlnotes: True friendship is sitting together in silence and feeling like it was the best conversation you’ve ever had.”  @TottallyTina
I fucking give up
The want for you to just pick up your phone, I miss you and this is starting to hurt... I'm not chasing anymore I shouldn't have to
Well that's one way to wake up a lab puppy jumping on you... Thanks bailey thanks
Feeling nicely down to earth, it's good when you get your fix haha
@TottallyTina I loves you we need to FaceTime or Skype sometime soon as we haven't spoken since Friday haha xxx
Down to ten stone by just cutting crap out of my system and eating properly... This is the way to loose it and be able to keep to it
Working with Julie these are the best weekends singing and dancing round the kitchen
Time to leave for work in half hour, I don't really like seeing this hour on a weekend
Damn you stomach cramps, why do you have to do this to me I don't need this right now
Cannot be doing with an ear ache I hope this goes quick
@jkldogg that's fair enough and I'm
Not being rude but I gtg I need to sleep I have college tomorrow
Lip service tonight and then series two starts on Friday... I cannot wait
@jkldogg a tad but she's not being funny with people she just doesn't talk to people she don't know, I should know she's my sister
@jkldogg yeah she doesn't talk to people she doesnt know unlike me
@emilyastrado paranoia is not good I swear I have it haha x
@emilyastrado I talk to you m'dear! And loves you :)
@jkldogg it's a one off so hopefully he'll call me soon, you stopped trying to talk to emilie?
@jkldogg yeah I know people say that but he is worth my time and this not like him to not answer his phone
@jkldogg ahh fair enough, don't I hope they bloody care their my other half
@jkldogg most people follow back
@jkldogg no one dare about you then.... It made no sense to me
@jkldogg huh?
Yay to people not answering their phone... Needed to talk to you urgently but no you don't answer your phone all day
Some one in the room moves and the parrot wolf whistles... What is with blaze
@jkldogg hey I suppose you don't follow people back?
Feel Ill but oh we'll I've got work x
Up and ready for work... Ahh damn I wanna go back to bed
Stand outside for fag and a bat flies around my garden I haven't freaked out like that for a while
RT @girlposts: Feelings don't come back. Truth is, its been there all along, in your secret hiding place.
"if I didn't like you at your worse, I don't deserve you at your best" the most sweetest text I've been sent in a while
Catching up on lip service as I missed it this morning, the things my man has to sit and deal with me watching haha
Lovely night and day with my man, just wish he would wake up when I wake him up sometimes but oh well. His parents made me breakfast
RT @iadorewomen_: we fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, and flirt like first loves, obviously its meant to be...
Feeling like shit so time for bed me thinks... Want this stomach ache to go away
Time to do the housework... I'm such a lovely daughter
Your the sweetest hunk off sugar that I've ever seen...
Lovely weather yet I'm waiting indoors for Ellie, this is love right here haha x
Can I break down now and have a cry... I need one and some tortilla chips and salad cream would be nice x
Chinese tonight and then I have to start thinking about sorting my body out... Smaller please
@TottallyTina I kinda seriously love the way we think of each other with certain songs... It kinda funny
@TottallyTina it's official I am in love with Emeli Sande haha thought I'd let you know x
Out tonight and I can't wait.. Been a while since I had yaz out with me :)
@TottallyTina I'm going bed so I shall see you soon xxx
@TottallyTina she was sooooo cute and all lesbian like when we was with Georgia but with me haha x
@TottallyTina it was a mixed sweet and salt bag haha it was kinda cute her sat on my floor eating my popcorn x
@TottallyTina she is a lot better she cheered up after eating all my popcorn and I brought her cheesy chips for her train journey home hahax
@TottallyTina as in to say you two... And we burst into giggles nutshell started coming out now x
@TottallyTina ha Linds turned round to Georgia and was like I gotta tell you something, George then looked at both of us wiggled her finger
@TottallyTina yay that's good because I can see me needing you x
@TottallyTina haha yay and well I know this ain't gonna go away but we need to  get through it x
@TottallyTina ahh I hate this I seriously do I'm better when I can text and hide haha x
@TottallyTina yay either we do it that way or I let slip to sara x
@TottallyTina I may need you there I know I don't need approval but it still scary x
@TottallyTina yeah but she'll say just leave it I need to like just say it to them soon x
@TottallyTina I know, I just need to know how to tell them, it harder than talking to mum x
@TottallyTina I dunno how he freaked at bi
@TottallyTina haha I know but maybe it will be better than when I was actually in my cupboard of denial which I need to tell dad still
@TottallyTina nope it isn't at all haha maybe I should go hide in a cupboard or something x
@TottallyTina no you don't haha he just kept saying you were fat hawrex in that innocent voice he has
@TottallyTina no he told me I was a fat baby haha x
@TottallyTina I'm good and that's good hun, it's been good I'm showing max baby photos of me and he is finding it funny x
@TottallyTina I knows haha, how are you today x
RT @JoeyBMusic: If someone truly loves you, they won't make you feel like you need to constantly fight for their attention.
@TottallyTina I know but shell be fine once there and it not our fault x
@TottallyTina I don't feel so bad now about not going x
@TottallyTina I know are you going x
@TottallyTina well I can't go now as mum and Chaz have told me they are going out
@LilyxWelch yeah but I had already made plans to be out
@LilyxWelch I didn't know they where deffo going out
Almost time to leave for work, hopefully out tonight as I can't sit in doors again XD
getting ready for a day full of nothing....FUN. could do with more money so i could go out tonight but i suppose i should wait for tomorrow
happy birthda @edsheeran, have a good time with your lego x
So I've been up with max for over 2 hours now and my mum is still in bed... This isn't right
RT @JoshPorter_: There should be an iPhone app where you sigh loudly, and it fixes whatever is bothering you...
When you feel so dead all you want is cuddles
Somebody just lock me in a fucking cupboard and leave me there please
Wanting to go see someone but you know you can't and that they don't want anything serious when you do. Not a good mindset
#Whydopeople feel the need to tell you they really like you and then follow it with but I don't want a relationship
Maybe I really do need to change just maybe, may have gained confidence to others but I feel the same
the moment your 6 year old brother makes you sit and watch the snow falling outside and he is soo excited to play out in it
@TottallyTina I hope the dentist can sort the pain Hun and I shall see you soon
Hate all this waiting around for exams stuff it winds me up a lot
Had one of the best weekends of my life and all because of the family I have
@TottallyTina this is it and twitter being nice to me now x http://t.co/D2nxEXIL
Red hair soon, needed brightening up
Time to watch the runaways again, gotta love Kirsten Stewart as Joan jett
@RizzleKicks its my 18th today and I've just been given tickets to watch you, it would make my day if you could say happy birthday to me
"@AlwaysxTeen: I want to talk to you, but I don't want to annoy you.". @TottallyTina this sounds like someone I know x
Out for dinner tonight with @TottallyTina and @emilyastrado to celebrate my bday even though I'm not 18 till tomoz. Love you two xx
@TottallyTina ill agree to that one though
@TottallyTina I mean all of it haha. I can cook thank you very much
@TottallyTina this could be extremely eventful haha xx
Had a laugh earlier. Me: can I have some coca cola, tina: noooo... Caffeine. She thought she was gonna kill me with caffeine
Wish my tutor would hurry up, I have got things to do today instead of waiting for a meeting. Stop being late
Old vintage mini skirt finally into good use, shame about the fact my sister detest vintage clothing
Covered in white paint yet again, why does mum like the front room all white walls
Time to go watch some criminal minds, and maybe have some eggy bread
RT @girlposts: I am stronger because I know my weaknesses. I am wise because I know I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.
RT @WereJustTeenss: I'm afraid to tell him how I feel because it might just mean nothing to him.
My measures are not small measures, that is an understatement when it comes to me drinking
Yay, no work till the 14th jan now a nice break with my bday in the middle
Happy new year all, time for me to get ready for work
Watching being human, isn't bad but series 2 was not aiden turners best
F-ing caffeine why give me a headache now, I've only had two drinks. Way to start 2012
Babysitting tonight, my way of seeing the new year in
Feeling really good with all these clothes
Just finished shopping with @emilyastrado. Now we need a cuppa tea
Not wanting to be at family dos like this, find them really boring x
@TottallyTina shall do I think, how you feeling x
@TottallyTina I feel better, so back on the drink haha x
@emilyastrado we both like the socks munch x
@TottallyTina love ypou too,m and drunk enough to not care about sleepung on the floor xx
@TottallyTina what after you almost made me cry earlier. And you can sleep wirth ronald tonight xxx
Got @TottallyTina staying tonight cause she's part of my family x
A really good christmas even if i did work, got @TottallyTina round tonight. So maybe the best xmas for me
@TottallyTina have a good day ill see you tonight. Oh and merry christmas T xx
Time to wear my autism awareness necklace, @TottallyTina you'd be proud of me and it looks pretty this necklace
Merry christmas all, hope your all having a good day x
@RizzleKicks cd playing whilst I gotta get ready for work, good way to make me feel okay about working today
@TottallyTina probs but you know that don't matter haha xx
@TottallyTina haha don't you know it but oh well, he doesn't have my heart anymore so nothing will happen haha xx
@TottallyTina well nelson coming so god help him haha. And I know and from here on out we have to do it again xx
@TottallyTina same haha, atleast we get our little xmas on xmas day. Gotta love us drinking certain things when together haha xx
@TottallyTina well snap so do I haha and wine so we got some drinking to do haha xx
This gonna be my first xmas without my nan, but knowing that I'm seeing @TottallyTina is what is gonna make my day and help me, loves you T
Go get the nails redone later and then go see the father
Suppose I should get my nails redone tomorrow
Why is it ever since I dyed my hair black my hair has this whole idea of only dying the top bit completely and the bottom part slightly
Hair dye in hopefully it comes out good
First meal of the day cooking, this is a good day. First I cry then I forget to eat until now. What is wrong with me
"@QuotesForGirlz: If a man loves you, they will chase after you. So don't waste your efforts on a boy who barely calls to say hi."
Time to sit and watch love actually in bed
Lemsips taste crap, I could do with feeling better. My head is really bad again
Swear my dad has a fetish for the sky, its all he ever talks about
RT @iadorewomen_: Stop trying to change yourself for a relationship that's not meant to be.
How come the music to the krays is like a horror movies, they weren't that bad
Maybe just maybe, someone make my dream true and give me harley alexander-sule, preferably unwrapped;) thanks
Brought my tickets to go see @Rizzlekicks in april. I really can't wait
@emilyastrado hope you have a good time today at T4, don't die when you see ed xx
Tea break yay! Love this time on a sunday at work x
Time to get ready for work
@TottallyTina I know but I had a moment and could have done with words of wisdom x
Hate religious studies essays, why oh why do you give me soooo many
@TottallyTina gawd I found it hard not spending that little bit of time with you x
@TottallyTina teenie, its a bit chilly and I missed you yesterday x
@TottallyTina but people think that even when we don't speak x
Bloody hate buses that have chavvy girls on them, they piss me off soo much its unbelievable
@elliesifakis thanks for the chips earlier but they ruined my no eating lunch thing. X
@TottallyTina I'm bouncing around to try and wake up haha
I am sooo tired its not good oh well
@TottallyTina love how I'm awake yet your still in my bed! Xx loves you
Could do with a cuppa but oh well I don't wanna move
Lonely is not the word for how i feel, gawd i should feel good about my decisions
@emilyastrado ahh dont leave me alone. I wonder how long till they realise we're talking on this in the same room again
@emilyastrado are you sitting on the sofa anytime today?? Haha
@TottallyTina, was thinking about you earlier...me and em were dancing and singing and i wanted to sing 'hammer time' x
the lyrics of a song that explain everything youve been feeling for a while, even if people dont like the age gap of your relationship
One mistake from being together
 But let's not ask why it's not right
 You won't be seventeen forever
 & we can get away with this tonight
wearing a skirt in this weather is stupid..... why did i do it too myself haha
RT @MiHeart_Speaks: There's no easy way to get over someone
Missing my man, wish he didnt have to work so much. Oh well should see him soon x
Suppose i should sort my hair out, see if i can do my vintage styles with it
Has been way to long since i last came on here, oh well time to make some thing to eat im starving
Could do with crying or a really strong drink... Which ever happens first
Damn headaches I wish they would leave me the hell alone
Ten mins then I leave for work, oh well have my cuppa first
Trying to find my make up in this house is like trying to find a marble in a field of long grass
So I gotta start walking too and from work and eat properly and hopefully the weight will fall off. Its got to work
Maybe loosing weight is the step forward with all this, maybe that's the weakness to me oh well I can only try, so here it goes
Hopefully my baby stays tomorrow night could do with the cuddles gawd I do love him, and the cuppa he brings me to bed haha xx
Its nice when your outlook is changed for the better, not everyone will be like the other people you've really liked in your life, he isn't
Hopefully spend the night with my baby tonight, could do with a hug right now x
Hopefully I can just sit down soon because I am soooo tired and my feet hurt after today
@joshporter14 I agree with you, I'm sat at work on my break and normally I can sit outside but not today :(
Missing my baby, hopefully he's home from fishing before I finish work so I can see him for a while
My thoughts go to the families and friends of anyone caught in 9-11
Just wish to say stuff you, to whom ever decided that christmas was gonna land on the day I'm meant to be working, thanks a lot
Wants my man to be home soon, feel icky and could do with one of his hugs
Feel soo ill I came home from work, this not good. I don't want to be ill
@TottallyTina so shopping on monday, ill be there we need to talk, I more or less need to ramble on about crap. You can just ignore me XD x
Could do with going back to bed but I have a feeling I'm sleeping alone tonight, as much as I don't want to
Could do with some more sleep, the boyfriend is so fidgety when he has been drinking, kept waking me up
Loves my nights in with emiliee we do zumba, watch a horror and then relax in a giant bed just talking. Making me feel better without nels
Wish my man was home, and not fishing. Could do with the company I don't like this bed when I'm on my own now
Now has a reason to learn to drive, my boyfriend is gonna buy me a car... I like this haha
Now I realise why people hate waking up alone
Couldn't ask for anything to be better, I'm just soo happy at the moment
So this isn't awkward now is it, but oh well. I'm not the one who made it like this haha
Ready for work, just got half hour before I leave
So, I can't complain about life right now. Its soo much better than what its been for years
Uhh ohh mojo, this could be one long night
So everything is going good, pancakes for breakfast and everything else is just absolutely amazing
Dad gets back from fishing, I walk out with my bag. "I'm walking home" is all I get to say before I get told he is giving me a lift home
RT @xEpicTeens: I want to be the girl he turns to his friends and says "that's her."
Having a good day and hopefully have a laugh with emiliee tonight and tomorrow
Loves when I'm told something and see the excitement on someones face to just be sat there thinking, you have no hope in hell deary
Rather tired now but oh well atleast tomorrow I can stay in bed after seven
RT @MyQuotesBook: Behind every beautiful girl there's a dumbass guy who dd her wrong & made her strong.
Time to start walking to work, rather awake for this time in the morning haha
Good night last night, now time to go airbourne with @mandiewelch1 and max. Gonna be a good day
Zigzagging down the road with nels, like how relaxed it is now
Hmmm, this could go down well, or not. Maybe I won't be murdered haha
Seriously make me feel like this again, it not right but I don't mind at all
@TottallyTina hmm this could be fun haha soo need to talk to you xx
Time for an interview
Uhh ohh, the mum is now on twitter. This may not be a good thing haha
Hmmm hopefully I don't have to keep this job and get the other one I appling for
@OliviaShikari I would of thought more people would agree with us x
@OliviaShikari I agree with completely, I just wish more people would see him like that so he didn't have a career left x
@OliviaShikari haha that's what I think everytime I see or hear of chris brown
Hoping today is a good day, may just have to go jogging or something, otherwise ill end up just sitting there
Sometimes love how long the bus sits at a bus stop when no ones there wanting to get on, can I just get to town please
Is actually really freaked out by the last exorcism to the point I may not sleep with emiliee beside me haha
Hopefully watching the last exorcism tonight with emiliee
Soo the parrot hates me, that must change silly thing sitting there growling like a dog at me
Uhh ohh there's a storm, I think I may need some sort of company now haha
Gawd how I missed you, is that a bad thing. Is it a bad thing that I regret everything I did
Is it bad when your ex is around and you realise just how much you miss him
Bowling with my family, my five year old brother is soo cute trying to bowl
I'm going home in 20 mins just to go bowling, why am I up so early on a sunday
Looking back and I've realised that I have caused so much damage to myself without even realising, wish I could go back and take it all back
Wishes my little sister had one night with her mate without her bf giving her shit, It not right to ruin their night
I feel soo bored nothing actually happening at this family dinner, we haven't even started yet and we've been here since 3
Time to watch the wickerman, the original. I love it but its not freaky at all x
Jerry is home, and so cute it looks like he has braces on.
Nawww my quaker is on its way home, poor thing has been named jerry by my little brother though
Could do with some sleep, seeing as we getting a bird tomorrow and got a bbq
@Kaylaaaaa__x. Just wanted to let you know I don't have a problem or dislike you, I just haven't spent much time talking to you x
Mum: you don't like it, I fed it blood earlier. Me: I like it now
Just wants to be skinny now, seeing as there is shops that have nice clothes but don't go up to my size. WAY TO MAKE ME FEEL FAT!!!
Time for changes, time for me to be smaller than this.
Could do with a stronger drink that tea
Love taking my sister to brighton and my mum giving me just enough to get there, don't worry I won't eat or drink today
You say you like big girls, that must make me too small. Wow I never thought that would happen
RT @TeenSwagQuote: It Hurts to look back... but I can't help it. I'm scared to look ahead because  you're not there.
Watching the wanderers and thinking about todays events, and how its made my mind uneasy
The way time changes people, whether its for the better or not is still to be seen
i seriously just hate myself at the moment, im always messing everything up why oh why alex maybe we should lock you up from now on
Hmmm, subtle non subtle how do I do this one, feeling the tad of nervousness with this one
Ahhh... This is actually really nerve racking a trial that could last 4 hours long, not what I want right now
Wishing this bus would hurry up
Hmmmmmm, how I've missed my bed, @TottallyTina thanks for coming round tonight was a laugh looking back through the years x
Theo rossi - "them damn hybrids *cheeky smile* their dangerous", just after someone gets run over
Back in Eastbourne now, feels much better already
14 miles to Eastbourne
Never in my life thought I'd miss Eastbourne, @TottallyTina I've missed you wayy too much xx
34 miles to Brighton. Ill be home soon XD
@TottallyTina what I would give  to sit on you front step right now, I'm going mad and can't stop mentally breaking down the way I do. Xoxo
Hmmm lunch finally eaten maybe now they will be happier, I need new forest ice cream right about now I hate small food portions
Okay all I want is my mum, as sad as it sounds its soo true. And I got a fricking headache, this isn't good they had gone now ones back :(
Dads pissed off because pubs don't do good food, I said kfc or something they said no
Just finished at this place hopefully time to go get something to eat, I'm starving and need food I can actually eat!
Haha I am being followed by crows, so my stepmother says " we're here master" in a weird voice as if I'm something evil... Hmmmm
Really could do with a cuppa right now, or something stronger as I am going mad, I don't want to be here anymore
So there is a dear eating peoples clothes including emilys I am soo not going in that cage with a whole new outfit and bag, not ever
Missing a @TottallyTina wayy too much, can't wait to be home and see everyone I hate it here
Clothes shopping, the thing I hate the most, all it does is make me feel bad
Just about to go back to the campsite, good day at marwell zoo but I'm feeling a bit tired
At Marwell zoo. Hmmm its sunny I like it but I now look a tad countryfied haha x
Holiday starts today YAY haha
Em "dads gonna say beat street and do that lip thing" seconds later, dad "beat street" and does this weird pout thing
ohh i love just sitting here while my family is running around the house freaking out, i just seem to be the calm one haha
RT @AustinKeller: ＲＴ　ＩＦ　ＹＯＵ　ＷＥＲＥ　ＢＯＲＮ　ＩＮ:　１９８９，　１９９０，１９９１，　１９９２，　１９９３，　１９９４，　１９９５，　１９９６，　１９９７，　１９９８，　１９９９　♥ (follow me & you'll gain 250 ...
Love Emiliee sometimes, she says to me that i only need her around haha what a sweetie
wish tomorrow morning would just hurry up, i can't wait to get out of Eastbourne
okay soo now instead of standing in the middle of this road, i feel like jumping infront of that car coming my way
just casually eating a bowl of breaded scampi with my stepmum thinking im going a tad bit more mad
i love Munch sometimes, she wants to go to hollister before we go to the beach on holiday... just for a bikini
@TottallyTina ohhh well..... here's an alex quote: don't shoot yourself tina, because i like you xoxo
in about 16 and a half hour i shall be going on holiday, can not wait now.
@TottallyTina ?????????
now i really am stuck in the middle of the road, wondering whether i should run to the curb or jump infront of the car coming my way
@TottallyTina sorry about the texts, just ignore me please..... ohh wait you already do haha xoxo
Munch has finished school and now we can start getting ready for our holiday
Just love being the only person fully packed whilst everyone else running around I can sit and have a cuppa XD
Watching sons of anarchy, kinda waiting for my lift to my dads to go on my british vacation tomorrow
"@HeyThatsSoTrue: I can insult my best friend, but if you do, you're going down. #HeyThatsSoTrue" @TottallyTina
Yay!, max is up instead of lily, looks like I'm watching cartoons till my mum gets home
Good day with yaz, even if all we did was pick fancy dress outfits and watch the vampire knight haha
Time to get ready to go see yaz and have a bit of girly time before I leave for my dads tomorrow morning
2 days till my british vacation, I'm excited but know I'm gonna miss people and feel wierd not so close for a week
Just can't stop smiling when I think about all the times I've seen you and all our talks, gawd how easily you make me smile and happy
@TottallyTina what would I do without you, no one else could take trying to understand me... But then you don't try you just understand me x
So my mind is racing, just the little things you've done have made my heart turn into a hummingbirds wing...
"Your really pretty in person and no I didn't recognise you" what kind of chat up line is that, oh well it did not work
How does fosters manage to give me a little headache
Out with tina, my mum and grandad and cause they have no caffeine free drinks I get a pint.. I love this
4 days till my "british vacation", I'm actually rather excited about getting out of Eastbourne
Really thinks I should not be allowed near bread, I'm hungry till it is in front of me on a plate... Not good
@TottallyTina I can't believe you have only just realised the songs
Trial for a job next month, but the manager freaked the life out of me and its not even certain I get the job
RT @joshporter14: Retweet if your against child abuse. #stopchildabuse
So just finished making myself presentable to then remember I'm babysitting the whole day
yeahh, kinda think im not gonna be able to see Drew for a good couple of months
@TottallyTina shall be with you soon, sorry its taken soo long hun xx
Finally my trains here, I can finally get to see my teenie, haven't seen her in a while and have a lot to talk about when we get the chance
Waiting for a fricking train too go see my tina, it wants to hurry up
Could really do with eating something, I'm way too tired for normal now I'm on decaff
Watching the glee project with lily, what has happened we are being nice to each other
Okay soo like seeing pretty little liars on a thursday
Somehow me laying on the sofa makes my chest more noticeable and stick out more... I worry a tad
Loving how lil morgan has too have a cuddle everymorning just before the school run
Love how I had a mini breakdown because my parents decorated my room and I didn't have enough room for my books
Loves how I've been told my sister packing her suitcase on saturday for our holiday the week after... I'm not asking any questions
Way to make me feel good, gotta cut down my caffiene intake and shops are just making me feel fatter than normal
Doctors appointment today, this is gonna be a lot of fun
Loves how even tho I'm ill I'm going to the mini railway with my family, what am I thinking
Watching ice age: dawn of the dinosaurs with max
Ohh I love the ice age movies
RT @NyxsChosenGirl: #donttalktomeif you think homosexuals are gross, sinners, wrong, etc. I don't want that kind of hate near me.
@MissKatiePrice I've shown your standing up for harvey doc to some people, I have a 5 year old bro who has ASD so understand the way of life
I've gone from not being able to stop shivering to overheatedness in 3 hours. Brilliant.
RT @AnneEmma_x: RT @AccioFredWsly RT if you're proud to be a part of the Harry Potter generation. - SOOO proud!! &lt;3 HP will live on f ...
Buses take wayy too long, all I wanna do is go home
14 days till my 'british vacation', because I'm staying in the uk I've been told its not a holiday. I just can't wait for the countryside
Well, on the bus going to hand out cv's, even though I feel like death warmed up
Feeling soo ill, and my headaches won't quit
@MissKellyO how did you become more positive about yourself, your an inspiration to me. I need advice on how to be more confident
Headaches killing me, wish they'd just leave me alone. Its becoming soo painful
Wish the fricking headaches would leave me the hell alone
Time to start all over again, work on me and make everything better
Is it bad I miss you, miss the way we was, the way you knew me soo well, want to be able to turn back time and not of ruined it all
Time to learn to love myself, otherwise my life will never get anywhere
Hmmm... Mind wandering a lot, oh well, nice night with tina and emiliee tonight
Is there a deep pit, with a light, that I could live in for a little while... Kinda wanna dissapear
@TottallyTina ummmmmm.... Okayy I dunno if I ready for this xx
Gawd, what am I getting myself into, I've fallen again, fallen for the angelic charms of a demon
Has been bitten again, how fricking lovely
@TottallyTina I loves you teenie, I feel sorry for you if I'm cleaning today means I'm gonna have thinking,we know what happens after that
King size bed all too myself, what a way to be reminded your alone
Going back to my dads in a bit, get a huge bed to myself tonight thanks to emiliee being away XD x
No more college anymore... Finally get to relax from here on out x
Is it bad I have another headache and having these thoughts is making it worse xx
Hopefully the sun will come back I wanted to get rid of my tan lines from my top the other day
Sometimes I just wonder...
Swears that if emiliee puts a picture of me half asleep on facebook ever again I may just kill her in her sleep
Slept in mine and em's double bed for the first time yesterday and woke up to me on the edge and her right next to me
Waiting for the father, so I can see emiliee and watch sweeny todd
Hmmm, having a good day for once x
@TheMightyMo0sh happy birthday x
You've left me in the middle of the road, not knowing which car to dodge or whether or not to just jump infront of one
Could I make it anymore plan and simple and in your face how I feel, its like you don't want to notice at all
RT @Dolly_Parton: "Love will grow if one just lets it, Let Love Grow!" Hope you picked up your copy of BETTER DAY...TODAY! RT to enter t ...
RT @TheMightyMo0sh: The only good thing about twilight is how fit alice is
RT @iTwitQuotes_: If you're gonna leave me, you're gonna miss me.. & I'm not saying that I'll be here waiting.
@TottallyTina i know yesterday you needed me but today i really need to see you xxx
Wayy too hot today, just wanna sit indoors all day, and hide from the sun
finally somewhere is taking the right steps forward, thanks new york
Only lily could have me singing to justin bieber grrrr
Parents were gonna move me into the porch in a seperate room and now they say no, please pwetty pwezz x
Time to write my personal statement now, I've almost completed everything... ALMOST, not completely there
@TottallyTina aahhh, well i was hoping that i had some sort of normality x
@TottallyTina loves me for a number of reasons but i bet my sanity is not one of them xx
RT @James_smith19: I am not addicted to texting. I am addicted to the person I am texting.
Gawd, just realised all I seem to do is complain about myself... This really needs to change, need to sort myself out
@TottallyTina well, we both deserve a medal meaning both of us lol not just me, oh by the way kinda need to talk to your lovely face tomoz x
So people call you my lover when I'm talking to you on the phone, if only they knew how much I was wishing that
@TottallyTina I loves you tee, you are amazing to me and put up with my crap all the time xoxo
Kinda don't know what to think or feel right now, feeling a bit all over the place
Need to sleep. Feel really drained again it not too good
loves it when my lil sister emiliee has known about me getting a blackberry today for a couple of days and wouldnt say anything x
@TottallyTina ahhh okay, and dont be scared x
@TottallyTina text me please, we need a serious chat with the alexs lol xx
@TottallyTina ive been through it, weve been through this. I couldnt let her do it, we are still fixing us so i couldnt let her
gawd... why did i ruin everything. i loved you and i messed it all up
Ahh gawd, what has happened... I don't like this anymore
@TottallyTina i know but we spoke and i told her he aint worth physical scars, mental ones can be delt with physical ones cant x
@TottallyTina ummm shes so and so, had a serious conversation earlier about hurting ones self and me telling her no xx
@TottallyTina and i love you in a lesbian nonlesbian way, as you would understand xx
@TottallyTina im cool with that hun, shall see you then hun. I need you sometimes and i really really love you, in a lesbian way ;) xx
@TottallyTina i will be at college, what about afterwards i finish at four the latest
@TottallyTina may have to see you tomorrow- scratch that will have to dsee you tomorrow xx
@TottallyTina maybe maybe not my soultwin-lesbianlover-bestfriend and whatnot ive needed you today xx
Toffee popcorn, how i love you
Just mehhh today, feel like utter crap
RT @Weetabixhands: Kristen stewart is actually really hot In adventureland.
@TottallyTina is gonna hate me for this but i am really in love with kristen stewart right now x
Time to watch the runaways I think
Sometimes I hate the summer, the moths at night cause me to freak out so much
i've made a #bigmistake letting someone know exactly how i feel, and letting them use me as a welcome mat
yeahh... today is just gonna be one of them days, already had a down moment so hopefully a good one soon with @TottallyTina
@TottallyTina I'm sorry that it took me a while, but atleast i learnt it in the end and without much help x
Lilys dissapointed about not being able to smell the cats fart... ohh gawd
@Weetabixhands  glee is not that bad
Is feeling a bit drained  and this is not that good for me xx
I shoulda been called a TreeBird not a moorehen
Casually being called a weirdo because I don't like ducks but think I do.whilst being attacked
Sometimes wonders if Teenie is trying to deafen me with my phone
Ahh gawd, college at 9 i havent had to be up this early and ready for a while x
@Baconatthedisco  he should be happy if your happy, I'm sorry hes like that to you but don't let him change you at all
@Baconatthedisco oh okay, and really?, was he really strict or something?
@Baconatthedisco sorry to say this but he seems like a twat, my parents split but they stayed nice to each other for my sake
ahhh... tea, how i love you
@Baconatthedisco i take it he is, i read the prostitute one before the one of him being chased. should at least be nice to your mum
@Baconatthedisco  what a lovely thing for your dad to do
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh............. the want for some clotted cream cornish ice cream, its heavenly
@LilyxWelch get a cd or you not wanting to do it that way? x
@LilyxWelch what am I helping with now?
@LilyxWelch well neither can i but i've been helping you with your laptop
@LilyxWelch would you make something that begins with a T please x
@LilyxWelch if you love me, would you do me a favour
@LilyxWelch because i'm amazing
#zacefron comes onto the tv and i shout die, ohh how i love my feelings of hate
@TottallyTina, hey just needing to say thanky you for my hug earlier it made me smile... i loves you xxxx
so, i'm now babysitting but watching the MTV movie awards with lily because we are bored lol x
Little sisters argument with her bf been going on for over half hour now,  kinda wanna sleep x
Sometimes, I just wonder if 5 year olds plan to wake up early so you can spend hours watching garfield lol x
RT @MikeEscamilla: Amazing RT @STACEEdaisy: @MikeEscamilla haha sexy in an asian accent
Watching the ugly truth, nice day in today. Haven't seen much of my family lately x
Ahh gawd, have a go at me when.I don't go out and do the same when I go out. How can I frikking win with you
Tina is in the que at the bank, and I got a comfy chair I can see this taking a while x
Had a good time with ellie, even if she now has loads of photos of me x
Really does not look good with the way I just keep changing moods, just little snaps. Really not good x
http://t.co/191sniV             my new video.
Park with my family soon and I don't want to go I have a song to cover x
Gawd i hate waking up this early it puts me in a bad mood. Me up at 5:30 and max up at 7ish, im going back to bed when my mums home
Waiting to go out for breakfast if mum ever gets off the phone x
If I can do the housework in heels, including the stairs. I believe I could do. Anything in these shoes xx
Suppose I should leave tinas and go home but I don't want too lol
Tattoo this morning pic up later, ahh actually soo excited x
Can feel the self-confidence slipping, can feel it all needing to be changed again. Time for the weight to be lost its getting me down again
#Uganda "Kill the Gays" bill could be passed in 72 hours-sign this urgent petition to stop it! #AllOut4Equality http://t.co/3stdOTC
Ready for a trip to go see kangaroo juice wooo xoxo
Well, she really likes me and i really like her. This has to work please nyx make it work xoxo
gawd, just the words that she says make me fill with butterflies and then you hear the last words, i love you. i absolutley love the woman x
Watching pearl harbor whilst getting ready for my dads xoxi
@MrKyleEgerton i can't accept compliments is just something i cant do
pocket-sized people... never thought id fall into that catergory lol but yeahh lol i wont leave her brain and she dont mind lol xoxo
@TottallyTina i could see this being good lol and look 101 tweets, i do know how to tweet lol xoxo love you teenie-rae xoxo
awww she is soo sweet to me, gawd could this be the one xoxo
Just been painting on scotts banger van lol it all groovy now, love the things i do for him xoxo
Gloria Gaynor is amazing to relax to when trying to do philosophy homework... Especially on a record player its even better xoxo
Ahh gawd, college in a bit kinda really dont want philosophy.. Ahh well only got to be there for hour and half lol xoxo
@chriscolfer your story in original song has managed to help everything out with me and my dad, due to me being gay i love you chris xoxo
Going out for dinner at cosmos yat x
Im up early :) waiting to go to the bootfair and we are so listening to my joan jett album on the way XD xoxo
time to get the last bits sorted out for max's easter egg hunt tomorrow, can't wait to see his little smile in the morning xoxo night
@kennychesney your music is what has kept me sane today, with everything in my mind your voice has gotten rid of them xoxo
@TottallyTina you shouldda been at mine earlier, i had another really camp moment. it was really funny and chaz did a nice impression xoxo
@TottallyTina What's your favourite scary movie?
i loves you alot
@TottallyTina MSN m'love?, and i think you may get a headache from all of this xoxo
@TottallyTina i need to talk to you, i really need to talk to you. i need my twinny rather badly xoxo
times to blog me thinks, its been a while and i have alot on my mind XD
babysitting but oh well... its gonna be interesting seeing as my mind is absolutely everywhere thanks to last night
@TottallyTina really am i sad or bore waiting for our dinner xo
Been up since half seven with my lil bro so my stepdad can to racing and mum can sleep, what about me its the 3rd time this week
Ohhh gawd, i have dyed my black... Didnt want it this dark xoxo
@TottallyTina, i kinda sorry i didnt reply to you the other day was talking to ginge and cripple lol. Was ellie okay after you left xoxo
Off out tonight with the twin @TottallyTina, gonna be a good night, but my hair not like a round football lol xoxo
a little man pressed the calm button in my mind and that has helped me so..so...soo much. i love you and will never hurt you please see that
@TottallyTina i need you, i truely need you and miss you like mad T. Can't wait to see you. I loves you teenie-rae xoxo
Is wanting to know what goes through your mind and work out where to go from here.... i'm confused because i dunno what road to go down
gawd... wish things would speed up... kinda dont enjoy this taking it slow business.... hmmmm could happily have a fast forward button
ohhhhhhh.... how i have missed having a laptop, rather thankful to my mummy who brought me a new one XD xoxo
I said something was up today, it ended up being my grandads bday and its been 8 years since he died. I miss you grandad i love you alot xo
@TottallyTina i wont and nawww, was looking forward to a postcard lol xoxo
Completely fucked up the diet maybe i should just stop eating all together
I told you i loved you and now i havent seen you since, not good thoughts anymorr and i wanna cry
Gawd i really do love you but i dont know what your thinking, you said good thoughts and im still paranoid really paranoid xoxo
@TottallyTina i know but finally it good he got recognised for what he does and im really proud of him. i dont want his pretty face ruined x
my big bro finally won a trophy for the ramp rollover. i love you scotty xoxo
@Basiceating101 i probably wont fast but i you have any tips that would be nice. i live at home with parents still so i he to be careful
time for the weight to fall off, diet planned, set menus... im going to do it this time and then keep it off xoxo
thinking back and seeing i went all wrong then looking at yesterday morning and seeing where it all went right XD xoxo i love her
ahhhhh..... she loves me back XD xoxo
@adamlambert, i'm watching AI in the uk and i have to say durbin is good but i have to say AI has not been as good since you was on in xoxo
really needs to sit and listen to the runaways because i need a good cheer up, feeling like crap xoxo
ive put a barbed wire fence around my heart just to keep you out xoxo
today was good but then this evening you are down.. i just wanna make you happy xoxo
time for bed i gotta be up at half five xoxo
i swear i love you kristen stewart xoxo
time to keep quiet alex. she may just not understand what your feeling at all and it may all go backwards xoxo
gotta learn the cranberries zombie thanks to last night had a really good night xoxo
@TottallyTina your my thelma haha and i shot the wrong radio xoxo
i do love you but im scared to show it fully so let nr show you my world before you tell me if you love me too xoxo
i love how you see me as your lil sis even though im not and all i wanna say is i love you scott, i got my big brother here for me now xoxo
time to get ready for college but i need to go have my hot chocolate xoxo
watching jeremy kyle before my exam this afternoon xoxo
hmm going cinema tonight.... this gonna be interesting if nelson stays here xoxo
so have just conpletely f*cked trying to look after my weight so means i cant eat too much this evening xoxo
last take away for a long time for me maybe try and stop eating them all together xoxo
business exam today damn i cant see this going well at all xoxo
Watching sleepy hollow.. Ohh how I love me some Johnny depp xoxo
Happy birthday to me XD xoxo
I really need to loose all this weight I'm a fatty still
Loves my new shirt just makes me laugh how I'm starting to wear really smart clothes and gonna grow my hair (cont) http://tl.gd/7u1p4l
I loved her yet she couldn't return it.... Dunno what to do or feel now xoxo
Hmm loves having short hair that is well very short at the back lol, and I'm a brunette haha xoxo
@OrchidJazz no she is evil it makes me laugh she cuddles up to you then she just bites you lol
@OrchidJazz not awww more like Killl lol
gawd the dog is just doing my nut in... she is jumping up and down the bloody sofa lol
gawd.... i love my thelma and i shoulda been called louise lol x
sometimes knowing a song to sing can be tough i dunno what to sing
you know, when you pull me in for a hug like that and hold me like i'm yours.... you make my dreams come true for a while xx
@emiliee_emiliee  he got his arse outta bed but then had to wait for me to do my hair lol
hopefully seing the lovely andrew today if he ever gets his arse outta bed x
let me uncomplicate things for you.... i'm all you need.... all she will do is treat you like shite why can't you see that xx
@_Tina_x  i screamed that didn't i lol and what about me saying "what the guy with the slut on his arm" lol
@_Tina_x do you know i love you more than any guy or any girl i wanna punch XD xxx
i want you to be here with me... lets uncomplicate things... forget her but remember me xx
didn't think id ever need to get Emily to hold my hand whilst getting paracetamol... can tell i dont feel well lol xx
Hmmmm... tomorrow gonna be fun, hopefully it goes a bit better than yesterday x
just throw it out there if you want an answer..... but what will the answer be XD xx
just throw it out there if you want an answer..... but what will the andwer be XD xx
wanting you is more than i can handle, knowing she has you kills me inside... could the answer be to turn my back or should i stay??
Hmmmmmm.... everything going good... why did i find you now, you silly old man XD
to tell him or not... he has her but do i keep it a secret anymore..... some serious thinking needs to be done
made the lovely Zarita scared by telling her i had a lollipop down my bra last night XD and i miss my kevin (amy kemp) xx
@dannygokey is one lucky person to see tim mcgraw live XD
@_Tina_x yepp lol, just dunno when i gonna get them online though lol xx
