JohnMayer
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/429052267845529601/GCILhy71_400x400.jpeg
Also for sale: the SquatBot silencer, which reduces operating noise by 12 percent.
Or SquatBot, a set of bionic hips and legs that break in new jeans quickly and convincingly? SquatBot also sweats and smokes cigarettes.
What about a compact but instead of makeup it had hair wax/paste and it was for dudes?
What about a rubber spatula/spoon implement that allows the user to enjoy the excess shake/smoothie that lines the walls of the blender?
I hate it when you think you’ve found the thing but it turns out to be the remix of the thing
Looking forward to performing at #DellWorld in ATX with @MichaelDell http://t.co/sftyJ2UsXj
Thanks for the birthday wishes. I’m gonna have fun tonight. No so much that I give “fun” a bad name, but enough to garner a PG-13.
I spent a week with the brand new Tudor Heritage Black Bay watch… read my thoughts on it at http://t.co/iXdih5mmB4.
That was a tweet from TECH CORNER
How is there no Tamagotchi app for Apple Watch yet?
Last night I took NyQuil and got to the snow level of inception. Someone stole my high school locker combo. Deep sleep is what I’m sayin
Okay. I’ll stop tweeting about it now. Comes down to this: This is a masterwork of whack genius. #whackgenius
“Self control/ is /not something I’m working on” sung heroically and melodically. Come. On.
This Miley album is amazing. You can’t try to make something like this. You just tap the vein and don’t question a single instinct.
This is why I love music. You can be one artist one year and the next discover some crazy light inside yourself and shine it everywhere.
“we never get to see ourselves sleeping peacefully next to the ones that we love.” I’m totally transfixed by this Miley Cyrus album.
I’m not complicated. It just takes a minute.
Be your own emergency contact. #blessed #advice
I wrote a bad joke: “I dated a girl, she was so dumb, she thought her social security number meant her Instagram password.”
Idea: Uber Hitch(TM): Uber Ford F-150s with a ball hitch. They tow your car *and* your drunk ass home. $180.
Interested in getting into Grateful Dead but don’t know where to begin? This was the recording that sold me.
https://t.co/4ZOonpp2nD
On the fence about this Curtis Sliwa guy.
Sliwa. S l i w a. Currently googling. I can’t remember. Was he a good guy or a bad guy?
The mind is a funny thing. I just remembered Curtis Sliva.
I have this idea for an app
He’s killing it. One after the other.  https://t.co/fsTfPOqt7u
RT @MrGeorgeWallace: I'll straight up hand someone a textbook and text someone a handbook I really don't give a shit anymore
NKE x ACRNYM LNR FRCE 1 - also the cover of my new mix tape. http://t.co/rrJmqg5ziI
I want a series of recordings called “After The Fade” where they reveal all the badass playing that took place during/after the fade out…
@DaveKingThing oh yahhh. NBC Conan.
I accidentally deleted a tweet. Don’t feel like trying to rewrite it. “trash email” icon is too close to home button on iPhone. Amirite?
The lyrics to “Eye of the Tiger” could be no more explicit; the song frowns upon the trading of your passion for glory.
My last work. So many demands. The pressure. It’s not like it used to be 15 mins ago.  https://t.co/fKZM0WbXBA http://t.co/bMLrnWfFvG
Critics are calling my latest work a brittle husk of a once vital creative force, and a “cry for help.“ http://t.co/WF8iL1itqX
Getting wined and dined by all the big players. This is all happening so fast. So much attention. Hardly have time for the paintings.
https://t.co/khIlngz8ZZ http://t.co/qKMnznERqr
Guys I’m getting calls from all the major art houses saying please stop releasing these so fast, may flood global art market.
https://t.co/TVKnC7O4gJ http://t.co/E31UiqXtxH
This one’s about the human experience.  https://t.co/mGJ3Ddpfmz http://t.co/9n1QavyOOd
https://t.co/1BwNXYOX2T http://t.co/Rxpfo2yV1C
https://t.co/RHXZFfSdft http://t.co/bejYKO7xgR
https://t.co/KQbQQG2QPs http://t.co/hdBvoKhFri
For the next 15 minutes I will make as many digital paintings for those who ask. It will be the entirety of my digital fine art career.
Just confirmed… Going back in the studio with the Continuum crew in January. (I know what you like.) But first, @deadandcompany …
I just remembered that the name of the world in Legend of Zelda is Hyrule. Hoping to forget and relearn something in its place.
I wanna see a sequel to The Big Lebowski that centers on The Stranger’s story. Has the meeting with Lebowski from his point of view.
What if all the cars stopped on shoulders of the road that Waze app alerts you to were Waze users who were alerting you and crashed?
I got to sit in with my friend @bjnovak on our favorite podcast… check it out. https://t.co/WXnflpHiJa
LIVE on #Periscope: In N Out After Action Report https://t.co/Ta5nDvVtnE
LIVE on #Periscope: In N Out Drive Thru https://t.co/Bac1X0Iq5O
It’s Key and Peele night tonight. “Bagels are for sales associates only” is the sleeper hit sketch of the year.
Headlining a #tech conference in October - come see me in #Austin: http://t.co/sftyJ2UsXj  #DellWorld
Nothing is as gently thrilling as the realization there is a new Key and Peele to watch when I get into bed tonight.
Do you think if you lifted your dog up and showed them what the kitchen counter looked like, they would hear the Jurassic Park theme?
Okay fine, maybe not. (Okay fine, totally not.) But still looks like pic was taken with electron microscope.  https://t.co/YLt4ZkaqpY
Uh, it’s a photo negative. Mystery solved.  https://t.co/RuTuLQiRZp
LIVE on #Periscope: Fillin' It https://t.co/bwXD9b1DiO
New tour dates announced... This is getting exciting. (And I'm told it's not over yet...) deadandcompany's photo https://t.co/FsuXJtpr0w
@Sterloid I was thinking just yesterday about how easy it must be to counterfeit stamps. Must be thousands of $ a year lost to it, no?
Now the right shoe’s tighter.
Well let’s sew this up: there’s nobody closer to the nexus of stellar celebrity success and normality than Mark Harmon. #findyourMark
$700k an episode! *Ultimate* gangsta behavior. https://t.co/on4YwERjJV
86 was not an easy year to win that. Think about it.  https://t.co/ClqGw0fo31
RT @rickyvanveen: @JohnMayer Part owner of minor league baseball team in San Bernardino, The San Bernardino Spirit, which spawned Ken Griff…
You’re living in perfect Harmon-y. Kudos to you.  https://t.co/pXI4JILG7i
I’m not surprised. Please share your #harmonfact with Ricky and I, or elect someone with a better life. I dare you.  https://t.co/SIInhxwy96
#Harmonfact Harmon has been on TMZ a total of zero times, making his reported net worth of $13mil a sweet life without a cautionary tale.
.@rickyvanveen thanks Ricky for the #HarmonFact. Also saved two boys’ lives in 1996 pulling them from burning car https://t.co/XVfOmN6zGQ
Most people with Mark Harmon’s wealth and success in the industry suffer the trade-off of curse-for-blessing. But Harmon flies below radar
Roundly excoriating anybody who has tried to offer a better example of a celeb life you’d rather have than Harmon’s.
Started a conversation as to why Mark Harmon is, pound for pound, the celeb with the best life.
If you’re asking whether I could drive long distances in reverse while only looking at the backup camera I guess my answer is absolutely
Sorry for deleting my periscopes after they’re over. Sometimes I get too far up in my own head to let them hang for 24 hrs.
Yah, you thought you could get one more cup of coffee out of the deal without having to add water, didn’t you? Guess what: ADD WATER.
Goal met but no reason to stop! Ken is running the NYC MARATHON in between tour managing two @deadandcompany shows! https://t.co/7Mp2PEdOu3
James is pure creativity in human form. https://t.co/qaRFLEgxPm
@Miguel so it shall be! When you get a break from tour. Cool…This is why we make music.
@Miguel let’s do it… Write record, release in #72hours. I just invented this project right now. Wanna be my first?
“Coffee” chorus: when you begin each line with the last word from the one before, you build incredible tension. So good.
“Coffee” by Miguel. It’s the jam. Killer everything.
RT @deadandcompany: 2 sold out MSGs. Thank you! If you’re trying to get tickets via broker, you may want to hold off. We’re working on it. …
@Justins just made s’mores with some maple almond butter packet squeezin’s… People are losing their minds.
RT @TheGarden: Due to overwhelming demand, Dead &amp; Company has added a 2nd show at MSG on 11/1! Tix go on sale this Friday! http://t.co/025e…
I'm deeply excited and energized to be joining some of the Grateful Dead guys in the band… https://t.co/aPPOlTfYxU
@Capzoots thanks Cap’n!
RT @billboard: The @GratefulDead is resurrected once more -- this time with @JohnMayer (exclusive): http://t.co/zvhgaWIBzR
Jason Isbell is the best lyric writer of my generation. He lives at a level where even great writers can only visit.
I may have just embarrassed myself, but in my defense, high five and “hand to God” look very similar.
Gonna go cook dinner. Sorry for blowing up your feed… Been a while. Talk soon. X
@chrisgreenwald I’d be a broke guitar player.
I KNEW IT https://t.co/NZwehemqyH
@lindsay_s13 #martinpride
Coffee.  https://t.co/Ci3B3C825R
That ‘ship has sailed.  https://t.co/NJKzKKz8Fx
@enterpineprise onze
@aHyerPower I’m a PRS guy now. Going steady…
@nahumGald go to bed.
I’ll explain soon. https://t.co/1er68AkSCc
Some tweets are just human googles.
Consider this a plug for the masterminds at Bullfrog then!  https://t.co/gqvLreYlVD
Anybody ever thought of putting bug repellant in sunscreen? Or Sunscreen in bug repellant? Can we get on this?
RT @Sterloid: When I type in :90 as opposed to 1:30 on the microwave I imagine it's because I'm a tortured genius.
Tonight on periscope I freestyled in the key of E, and played a rousing game called “Stump John.” Follow me for more fun…
Thank you we have a winner.
Periscope ya when I get home.
The guitar is a surfboard and the wave is always up…
RT @TerrapinXroads: Streaming LIVE with #phillesh &amp; Friends ! Tonight &amp; Tomorrow Night. Purchase HERE: http://t.co/FvelCfGPcd http://t.co/3…
No I’m having the time of my life.  https://t.co/GdD81HFB3a
I really overshot how much I’d have to say about this topic. (6/12.)
Also, the understanding and practice of the samurai code of Bushido is quite helpful as well. (5/12)
The key is light calisthenics in your seat about 30 minutes prior to needing to use the bathroom. (4/12)
It’s a bit like a human game of operation, where instead of hearing a buzz, you wake a stranger mid-straddle. (3/12)
But that only allows me to appreciate more what I have just accomplished. I am still in peak climb-over-sleeping-seat mate condition. (2/12)
One day I will lose the ability to climb over a sleeping seat mate on an airplane without  touching them. (1/12)
Is there anything more uncomfortable than going to dinner with your machina and running into your ex machina?
Every doodle ends up wearing sunglasses.
http://t.co/yv4skuqA1R via @youtube
I just heard a song by @brandicarlile called “The Eye.” Brilliant. Yes. I am fed. You must listen.
I had another Shazam false alarm. Sounded great at the restaurant though. That ever happen to you?
What about scratching your leg while running on a treadmill though.
It’s Fleet week in NYC!!!! That means I get to use the “fleek week” joke I’ve been sitting on for 2 months!! Stand by for finessing.
Even in really old pictures, horses still look the same.
@litehousefoods saw one of your tanker trucks on hwy in MT. Friend says full of your delicious ranch. I say no way. What gives?
I will never have a funnier idea than this. https://t.co/aTvYHhTU7u
Is there an app called Kitchen Sync? I probably won’t Google this. Or check mentions. I’m just curious is all.
When it takes everything inside you to keep from telling someone their Bitmoji looks nothing like them.
Does booming live EDM music make anyone else’s nose itch??
@blair_pa that guitar part started as a little practice exercise I came up with. I believe while watching the 2008 presidential debates.
I do a great “Men’s Warehouse guy“ when I first wake up.
I wonder what Vin Diesel’s voice sounds like when he first wakes up.
@edsheeran well I think that’s very fastidious of you.
Going to see “Get Hard” in the theater. Disguising myself in a ball cap. Cap says “I AM IN THIS MOVIE”
brushed my teeth with toothpaste that’s making everything taste far too effervescent.
.@MarinasDiamonds thank you for your song “Happy.” I enjoy it very much.
I’ve been in the entertainment industry for 15 years and used to most of it but still I’m like “oh shit look it’s a news van!”
Worst line I wrote today: “I must be made of stone, cause you’re taking me for granite.” I can do better. I will do better.
When you get freaked out at the noise you hear inside the house and then remember it’s the load of laundry you put in.
RT @mygiveup: Right and Wrong only matter if you have a moral compass.  Otherwise, it's Want and Don't Want.  #drunkphilosophy
Why would I purchase it now and download it later? Who would even do that?
These towels have been washed many times yet still they have lint. Why is this? My face is all linty.
Practicing guitar more than I have since my early 20s. Taking on a bunch of new music this year.
I love Kanye, but I’m raising my children Beck.
One of the best things you can do for yourself as a person is to practice having no opinion about most things you hear or see.
So yah. fin. Carry on Gaga. I can dig it. Everyone else should, too.
I respect artists who release music they believe in and with a slow steady pulse while doing it, live or die.
There is no desperate attempt to be as successful as before by any means necessary, no Artpop 2.0 with cynically produced hits.
She released a record that didn’t get the love she was probably hoping for, which happens to REAL artists. And she’s stood by it.
I know this is going to sound like I’m trying to stir up media, but I have huge respect for Lady Gaga and I wanna tell you why.
So Superman never flew through rain, huh?
This is what happened when I suggested @Justins make cookie dough almond butter. http://t.co/Wl788hyFZ8
True compassion extends beyond our ability to relate to someone’s experience.
#jeffwecan https://t.co/E1Nj81jYq1 best 18 minutes you’ll watch all day. http://t.co/EIYlTHtYD0
More Olympics: while flipping through DirecTV channels, guess which part of oft-seen movie is about to show based on start/end time.
Another secret Olympic: wake up and guess what time it is before looking at the clock. +/- 10 mins wins.
Learning via mentions that the secret Olympic event of bag carrying isn’t just relegated to men but mankind. Love that.
Secret of all men: we must carry every bag from the supermarket into the house in ONE TRIP or else we suffer an intolerable shame.
I’ve dinged more guitars by taking them in and out of their cases than by any other means. Those latches.
I’m still dressed in my suit, telling monologue jokes to people forcefully dislodging shopping carts on their way into Albertson’s.
A new version of everything you own is available.
Put the stomach to bed and the body will sleep.
RT @edsheeran: I announced a USA tour today - http://t.co/awbIoWTawY
Thanks to everyone who watched #JMLATELATESHOW and the fantastic guests who made the shows so special. Until next time…
Watch Ed Sheeran perform “Don’t” on last night’s  #JMLATELATESHOW.  http://t.co/JOz5OF7P8u
Tonight on #JMLATELATESHOW - @edsheeran, @StephenMerchant and @jilliandeltoro turn the studio into a rollicking clubhouse.
Watch @edsheeran and I get tattoos that we drew for each other without seeing them first… tonight on #JMLATELATESHOW
Truckin’ with Weir: http://t.co/TtmCjlWkxh
Starting day 3 of #JMLATELATESHOW with huge respect for CBS for allowing @bobweir and me to play a long version of Truckin’ last night.
My friend @chineseguy88 has produced an incredibly smart and funny sitcom called “Fresh Off The Boat” and it debuts tonight on abc. Dig it.
It keeps getting better: The supremely talented @johnlegend will join me tomorrow as musical guest on #JMLATELATESHOW.
http://t.co/h3KJNVfvBC morning selfie!
#JMLATELATESHOW actually, I’m not sure if the sharks can technically sit down, but they’ll be on the show one way or another.
Late-breaking Hollywood news: appearing on Wednesday’s #JMLATELATESHOW - a sit down with the sharks from the #SB49 halftime show!
I shoot all my iPhone videos in “portrait of a madman” mode.
“When the shark gets jumped, the minnows eat.” -me, trying to get a Hollywood adage started.
I’m ready to tweet GD all night, but I shall save my enthusiasm for next Thursday.
Playing in the Band into something else and back into Playing in the Band, signaled back to the original tune only by that lovely pattern!
Bertha, Row Jimmy, They Love Each Other, Althea, Sugaree, Estimated Prophet, Scarlet Begonias, US Blues, Me and My Uncle!
Actually, Deadheads have long been an active community. Let me rephrase that: DEADHEADS OF HOLLYWOOD!! UNITE!!
“@diablocody: @JohnMayer BOBBY!!!!!!!!!!!!!” I know. Deadheads, SHOW YOURSELVES!! Too long have you lived for this music in silence.
In dream-come-true news, The Grateful Dead’s Bob Weir will join me on the Late Late Show next Thursday night. (!!!!) #JMLATELATESHOW
All that glitters isn’t always glitter, but a lot of the time, yes, you’re looking right at glitter.
Life cereal and YouTube.
Here’s a smell you won’t ever forget: scratch and sniff chocolate. Boom goes the sense memory.
@samgmorrissey most esoteric tweet ever sent in the history of the universe.
Rejected #JMLATELATESHOW idea: very long couch, guests stay out for all three days.
Guests for #JMLATELATESHOW have been announced, with more to come…Andy Cohen (Feb 4) Jim Carrey (Feb 5) and Ed Sheeran (Feb 6).
“@duckstar_85: @JohnMayer when will we find out who else you will have on the late late show? #JohnMayerLateLateShow #11days” soon!
RT @HYPEBEAST: Listen to @CeeLoGreen's new album 'TV On The Radio' on our website now
http://t.co/fdhuw3cXZY http://t.co/scEyOqiXLo
This Cee-Lo “TV on the Radio” is the best first listen experience I’ve had in a long time. Brilliant, clever, and surprisingly tender.
Heard “Love is a Losing Game” by Amy Winehouse today. Had to look up who wrote a song so great. Turns out she did. So sad she’s gone.
Now Playing: “Song I Don’t Know” - Artist I’ve Never Heard Of (Featuring Other Artist I’ve Never Heard Of)
It’s kind of like when you DVR Shark Tank and at the end an amazing Dateline starts and you’re like “this is gonna stop any second.”
**Tweet Rejected.** time: 8:03pm • action: no post • reason: big words too close together
As a songwriter, you have a choice: are you going to write what’s out there or what’s in there?
Sturgill Simpson is messing me up right now. Listening jealously.
Back story: I’m guest hosting Late Late Show on CBS February 4,5,6. Insanity guaranteed.
The guest lineup for my CBS Late Late Show hosting stint is incredible. Stay tuned for the official list… These are going to be great shows.
**Tweet Rejected.** time: 7:15pm • action: no post • reason: insensitive to people without arms
I dream of a not-so-distant future where technology actually works as promised. That time: 2009.
I can’t stop thinking about the GE “ideas” commercial from Sunday night and I think it’s actually worked its way into a song.
@carlosricketts2 I love this. And the both of you.
Swedish dreams.
I believe the children are our future, but under no circumstances should they be allowed to lead the way. We should teach them well though.
2015 is about ambition. And ambition takes focus and focus takes discipline and discipline means discomfort. Have an uncomfortable year all.
One of my life goals is to record a song with a significantly wrong note in it and leave it that way.
Cookie dough flavored almond butter let's do it @Justins
Thank you D'Angelo.
I've already said too much.
What about hipsters who buy 1960s road atlases and decide to drive their routes even if it means smashing through houses?
Virgo horoscope pretty dead on though.
I'm convincing this person that I was a Libra but went to the courthouse and filled out paperwork to change to a Virgo.
Someone just said there was a "dichotomy of symbiosis" and I was like, "GO ON."
"The Top Guitar Tabs We Learned in 2014." http://t.co/ti8MrrEHjp
I think it goes verse verse instrumental new verse idea, b section, instrumental, verse, half b section, bridge, instrumental/solo, verse.
Last time I went this deep into a song it was Walt Grace's Submarine Test... Total obsessive wormhole. Well worth the trip.
December: the year's international airport lounge. What time is it? Don't matter anymore. You're getting on a flight. To 2015.
Only experiment if you're 100% sure it will work.
Many of my dreams take place in a mall. A little something for the Music Choice channel trivia.
I just want to remind you it's illegal to take used cars back in time and sell them for more money.
Just because I tweeted my BTTF🐾 idea doesn't mean I'm stoned. Gosh. By the way what's keeping my bones from falling inside of my body?
Back to the Future with dogs call it Bark to the Future
I don't want stronger Tums, I want weaker Tums, because I want more Tums.
Don't DVR the moment.
I just said to a waiter "hip me to a nice piece of fish."
"Woofa-wahstree" is the new "Sah-nai-live."
Listening to California State U Northridge radio in the car..(88.5)... I haven't heard a station this great in years.
Several references to texting in some of these new songs. As a songwriter I can't authentically mention phone calls anymore.
Hair twirlers unite
Today was a rainy Wednesday in December. I think that sums things up nicely.
Playing some Wurlitzer today in memory of my friend Ian McLagan. What a sweet soul and gifted musician.
I wouldn't feel right posting anything else before saying my heart hurts today.
Whenever it rains in LA I always think to myself "score one for the underdog."
37 is such a non-demographic. You just sit and watch stuff get sold to everyone else but you. It's a good time to go your own way anyway.
Record is half written, 12 songs, but six that won't come off the track listing. Production starts February. Putting the gang together now.
Heading back to LA with a head full of songs to write. It was good to get away from the process for a while.
Teaching my dog to live in the moment. I say in a high pitched voice "be here now, good boy!" and he gets super present.
Pick something you like. Now think about it. Too much. Feel that? Yes, you no longer like it. Well done. Pick something else you like...
I'm currently dressed like somebody trying not to get picked for jury duty.
I don't remember who said it, or what they said but it rings true, doesn't it?
When I was born I looked up at the doctor and said "you'll tell people I was easy to work with, right?"
I've been in my head since I've been in the womb.
Everything's a little too something.
Three days might not seem like a long time, but it's exactly as long as it takes to mail a letter to CBS saying "please make this stop."
I’ll be guest hosting the Late Late Show on CBS for 3 nights during the week leading up to the Grammys in February. http://t.co/gACwrrINq2
RT @JordanPeele: Key &amp; Peele - Stan Lee's Superhero Pitch. This sketch is in tomorrow's episode. I heard Stan Lee loved it! http://t.co/ERL…
Day one of part two of writing album seven.
Such a treat when a website loads up all wrong and takes you back to what it would have looked like in 1995. It’s the little things.
@samgmorrissey memories, man. I still think in those quotes. Those were the days.
That quote: Little Richard on Jimi Hendrix "made my big toe shoot up in my boot!"  http://t.co/YAEVejYJuY
Kendrick Lamar “i.” “That’s all you want!!!! You want someone to give it ALL to ya.” Love the Isley Bros funk. Yes yes yes.
Anybody wanna start a band? I’ll just be the guitar player.
Loving the Foo Fighters’ Sonic Highways series. Dave Grohl is a crusader for coolness. Sometimes I wish I wasn’t a solo dude.
Tweeting makes me feel weird. I’m doing my best to keep it up though.
Useless things I said to my dog today: “be careful!” and “in ten minutes!!”
I’ll send you some pics from the studio this week. We’ll catch up.
Don’t say add water, don’t say add water, don’t say add water, don’t saAAAALRIGHT COFFEE. (Screw the next guy.)
#2015NOW
If you wanna get jumped by a bunch of strangers, just walk down the street and yell “I GOTTA SAY 2014 HAS BEEN A SPECTACULAR YEAR FOR ME!”
My dog’s looking at me like there’s something we forgot to do today. No bud that’s it you’re a dog checklist complete.
I bought an iPhone app that simulates owning a horse. It promised the most lifelike horse of all the apps and hey only the best for this guy
Thanks to everyone sending the birthday love groove today! It’s been awesome. Writing myself a song today that’s just for me. A ditty. XO
Sometimes I stare at the reflection of the room I’m in on the glass overlooking the night sky, and pretend a chandelier hovers over LA.
Is this stat real? Can someone confirm? “@seli: The average person gets rid of approximately 3.6 Banksys a month alone. Smh.”
Almond milk box: not a Banksy. Blueberry container: negative for Banksy-like traits. No discernible social commentary therein. So far day OK
Woke up last night paralyzed with a fear, consumed by the question: how many Banksys have I accidentally thrown away?
An indicator cap on deodorant that tells you if you already put it or not.
One last thing. Japanese are the only way to get my hair and makeup for the rest of the year.
Sandals with my friends and family members to the point of having to pay for it.
You awake? I’m to get my nails done tomorrow.
Time traveling with him to the gym today, I don’t know why but it was the first place for me to be able to see you.
Grapefruit juice is not the best way to get my money back to sleep.
Dinosaurs are the same thing as too many people in this country.
iOS8 predictive text poetry : pick one or two words to start with and then choose from the three available options for each next word.
Sorry, who is this? This is a new toilet. Dropped my phone on it last night.
After this many years I should stop being surprised, but Atlanta, you filled my heart tonight. As always. See you again soon.
six songs
I bet right about now Bruno Mars is off somewhere coming up with something awesome.
I’m having a party on Friday night. I’ll send you a YO! with all the information.
Waking up and checking the news then: “I wonder what’s going on in the world.” Now: “I wonder what the world thinks about what’s going on.”
“These rice cakes don’t have enough glue!”
Now don’t get too upset. “Faith” is omnidirectional and unchallengeable. You can have faith that something will become your fate.
By definition, the word “prophetic” can only be used in the past tense. Same is true for “fate.”
You see pool codes are on cartridges.
“Tedvis and I are the best of friends. I mean, we have each other’s pools stored in one of the six RAM chip slots of our pool remotes.”
Tell you what, I’m gonna get one of those universal pool remotes where you can program up to six other pools in it. Cause then, easy.
“Why does your pool have a remote, you too lazy to dive in and turn the lights on?”  My crazy uncle Heee
I am very down to earth. Just carbonate the pool.
Modern technology hasn’t been very “play my demo” friendly as of late.
How can I best label the sound of this new grip of songs? I guess I would have to say “ancient Japanese R&amp;B.“
There is no minimalist doodling, is what I'm saying.
You're not supposed to leave a good doodle alone. You must keep doodling until every face is wearing sunglasses.
Jerky is good for you now.
Up up down down left right left right B A B A select start
Remember this: Even Keith Richards slept and Bob Dylan said yes sometimes. The subtlety gets lost in the retelling.
“The agreement was tacit: he would avail himself to all manners of destruction, and in exchange, he would find a way to make it rhyme.”
“He lived in a quiet part of the noisy part of the city, in a house that looked like a giant Nespresso machine.“
A good song idea has you singing the title before you even pick up the guitar.
We’ll save that one as a draft.
Don’t ever google the word “love” with safesearch off. The results are disgusting.
I really wish it was still the era of rolling into places and sitting in with bands all night. Wanna keep playing.
#MIAFestival you were a great crowd. I’ll be taking your energy back in the studio with me. That was a blast. Needed that. ✌️
Whoa. Did you know it’s “proof is in the putting” not “pudding?” Mind blown.
So ready to play
Bingo “@mallory_spry: I don’t think you can truly appreciate @JohnMayer’s album Paradise Valley until you listen to it on a road trip.”
That reminds me to listen to more Charlie Parker.
This happens to me coming back to my hotel room: what if this isn’t my room? (Insert key, door opens) what if that isn’t my stuff?
You could break @edsheeran’s talent into about six equal pieces and *still* have six very talented and successful artists.
I’d like to sit and talk to someone for about an hour about how great @edsheeran was tonight. Hypertalent.
I can’t tell you how good it feels to hit those notes. Especially on new songs. I’m free again. So grateful.
It’s 2 years to the day that I had my vocal cords paralyzed so they could heal. It took about as long to get all of my voice back.
Forget bass and treble. I’m all about the LYRICS.
So would thigh-gap be “treble” then?
I hope one day to become a master of marital arts.
Diuretics: the drink that drinks you.
Work is good
I took part in the #ALSIceBucketChallenge today. Check it out.  http://t.co/PgTOFFjYyD
Get me some ice and a bucket….
Do. There is no ‘do not’ or ‘try.’
Some people like cinnamon flavored gum.
I gotta tell you, when someone refers to something as “Machiavellian,” I just agree with them and remind myself to look up what that means.
Nothing on Earth like making music. Is Earth capitalized? Summer isn’t. Well it is there because it started a sentence. Anyway music.
Back to the blues
I’m not that tired, I’m just in need of an eyes transplant.
Don’t know how to tell you this, but when you’re on the 14th floor it’s really the 13th. Ghosts aren’t dumb you’re haunted
The Dead were more than a band. They were a musical think tank. An investigation and an endeavor, a work study in American music.
The Dead wasn’t a band, they were the raw material that you make bands out of.
The Dead…5/19/77, Scarlet Begonias. It’s a 12 minute answer to the question “what was so special about The Grateful Dead?”
Alright that’s too heady. It’s a song about looking for a high that doesn’t have a comedown. But still. Aren’t we all.
If you take out the love quotient in the song, it’s actually a deep commentary on one’s search for relief from the self.
No joke, I had a deep train of thought that led me squarely into the concept of “I Want a New Drug” by Huey Lewis and the News.
I wish everyone’s impressions of themselves could be as good as the best impression someone has of them.
That part of us more upset over the death of Robin Williams than we can explain is the pre-cynical version of us we’ve pretended away.
Yes. Take a nap. Just a nap. “@gabifogonholo: @JohnMayer any advice for someone who can’t sleep?”
Here’s a good way to describe the feeling of exhaustion: “victim to all temperatures.“
“Let’s not and say we did.” Old put down, but as an adult I LOVE this idea. Let’s NOT do it. And then lie about it.
New school year coming in hot… Starting the next album on Friday. Who knows how far away the finish line is.
The first thing I ever wanted to be when I grew up was Robin Williams’ inhabiting of Popeye. #RIPRobinWilliams
How awesome a contribution Robin Williams made to the world, that millions of people (and I) are now feeling real, deep human loss. So sad.
FIRST THINGS FIRST IM A REALIST
Okay I just thought about it and I’m wrong, cause wind instruments. So piano guitar and maybe recorder. Xylophone. Anything linear.
Her: “I can play Twinkle Twinkle Little Star on guitar.” Me: “You should be able to play Twinkle Twinkle Little Star on anything.”
MY JAM “@katybazuca: @JohnMayer I just only have to thank you for written If I Ever Get Around To Living, it’s my song 🙏❤️”
Here’s a link to @robcantor’s song “Perfect.” http://t.co/KZBkUiL3U6 It’s a phenomenal song that should be heard.
His video has been viewed 8mil times. People laughed and enjoyed but they missed the point. “Perfect” is an amazing song.
In the case of @robcantor, he promoted his original song “Perfect” via a well choreographed “celeb impression” video. http://t.co/wnlyHPTWHJ
One of the dangers of going viral online is that something can get a ton of views, but without achieving its core objective…
I think a pretty good rule for a selfie is that unless you’re over 40, there shouldn’t be any creases in your forehead.
I just remembered I get to drink more coffee tomorrow
You can’t have the Sunday Sads. http://t.co/6xBjtNG69S
Re: the news, remember this: if you consider yourself a smart person, and you don't understand, it's because it doesn't make sense.
This is fast becoming my favorite shirt.
How different a superhero would "Superbman" have been? I bet he would get told to take it down a notch a lot.
Fine. More of a guitar brunch.
Sunday morning guitar playing in bed. Never gets uncool.
Why settle for self-betterment when you can attain self-*best*erment? #aimhigher
Let's talk about Rude by Magic! for a sec. Love the tape hiss. Love the guitar arrangements. LOVE the perspective of the lyric. Yes yes.
I wish there was a text style that could universally convey "with extreme echo effect."
Do yourself a favor and watch the Roger Ebert doc "life itself." Of course a movie about his life would hit home on six or seven layers.
The Guardians of the Galaxy billboard over Sunset Blvd is so gorgeous, I hope they never take it down. It's classic.
Every once in a while I like to take a moment out of my day and appreciate that I haven't bitten the inside of either side of my mouth.
The Seven Other Members of One Direction You Need to Know About Now (We're Swooning For Ronnie Tittles!)
The Three Home Lobotomy Party Fouls EVERYONE Makes
21 Photos of People Trying To Light Cigarettes in the Wind
Seven Zapruter Film Flubs
14 Things Your Pants Are Saying About You Behind Your Back
Nine Iconic Roles That Almost Went To Ernest Borgnine
Look, it's a great big world and there's a lot to keep busy with, but every once in a while you have to remember that Van Halen rules.
You sick bastard. RT @weyheyalli why don't you just put the eye cream all over your face?
and so it would only make sense to scale out that breakthrough to the rest of the face. But who am I to complain, feel my eyes. (2/2)
I'm just saying try making the face cream as concentrated as the eye cream. You seem to have achieved high levels of concentration, (1/2)
I'm an obstract thinker, what can I say? RT @Gianni_Iona @JohnMayer tweets some very abstruse things...
The song of the summer is also probably Turn Down For What. And also seagulls maybe.
The song of the summer is the beating of your own heart as you fall recklessly for a sweet face with out of state plates.
The song of the summer is the gentle breeze that blows through the trees, like a rural ocean tide.
The song of the summer is the soft din of crickets in the distance.
There is no song of the summer this year. You're the song of your own summer.
Sleeping in my bathing suit relaxed.
The phrase "the best thing you'll see all day" is the worst thing I see every day.
Quick, get channel 7
A lesson in the temporal via Back to the Future: next year the film's release date will be as long past as 1955 was from the release date.
The first five years of any decade are really just the last five of the one before it.
Probably taking a nap later
Whenever my mail app says "no subject, send anyway?" I like to pretend I'm a submarine captain making a rogue order. "DO IT, SEAMAN!"
@mkmcguane what a bittersweet compliment. If I'm going to get eaten by the world at least it won't be in one bite.
Any smart person with a point will see it quickly co-opted - to equal disadvantage - by large numbers of either followers or dissenters.
Reductiveness will mangle complex ideas and amplify them as simple ones. Once simplified, they can be co-opted and quickly dismantled.
The biggest threat to our evolution as a modern culture, as I see it, is reductiveness.
'These are the worst tasting breadsticks I've ever eaten," I said to myself, before it was explained to me what a "reed diffuser" is.
And health is the key to life.
But boredom is the key to health.
Moderation is the key to boredom.
"We're raising our child epic."
"He was so disheveled and unpleasant looking that he all too quickly found a job in the big city as a model for 'before' photos."
Since when did doctors start using the word "gut" to refer to digestive tract? Isn't that like a surgeon calling your brain a "noggin?"
While I'm sure there is no data to support this, I have to believe that eating while standing up has important health benefits.
@bjnovak different. One is standing still at the finish line, and one is still without any finish line. "Celebrate yourself responsibly."
Both give comfort, but the first gives false permission not to have to work towards something better. (2/2)
In all sincerity, I really don't like the "you're perfect" mentality in culture. It should be "nobody's perfect." (1/2)
Beautiful : Be You to the Fullest (going for retweets here)
The most boring superhero ever? That has to be The Green Awning.
Is it karma? Or is it math? As in, behavior x frequency = greater odds of consequence?
Light's green. Think about wrapping that text up. Whenever feels best for you.
Respect to @jason_mraz who released his new single today. He has stayed true to himself through and through. Proud to be associated.
XO, now available on iTunes for your offline, HD listening enjoyment. http://t.co/P5Ic7N0O79
I was so good in my college improv troupe that they used to call me Yes Anderson.
Kicking around Instagram and watching dozens of young guitar players take my songs on and play them REALLY well. I'm inspired.
Justin's maple almond butter. The apples? They're just a cheap, flimsy front for my addiction.
RT @SXMCoffeeHouse: Hear an exclusive cover of @Beyonce by @JohnMayer at 8pmET tonight and throughout Memorial Day weekend!! #johnmayer #si…
RT @SiriusXMHits1: EXCLUSIVE: Hear @JohnMayer's cover of @Beyonce's #XO every hour in the Entertainmnet 4-1-1 and on our Facebook: http://t…
RT @SiriusXMPulse: Going to play a @SiriusXMPulse FIRST: @JohnMayer covering Beyonce. Discover "XO: in less than 10 min!
XO https://t.co/A7Jx1WUEdf
Just announced: I'll be playing at @MIAFESTIVAL in Los Angeles on 8/31. Love the lineup I'm a part of.  #MadeInAmerica
Am I using too much body wash? Or am I not using enough? They should put directions for this on back: "Keep going til you feel 'there.'"
Turn your brightness down.
Guy in opposing traffic honked his horn and gave me a thumbs up. "Tell Me Why" is playing. Day is turning a corner. What headache?
Now restaurants have to run credit checks if you order fruit. Then you get it and you're like "Ahhh, well that's fair. There's blueberries."
Remember when fruit was the cheap option of what to eat? "oh, you just want fruit? I don't know, give me a dollar."
That doesn't mean the door isn't locked, it's just a safety feature, I guess. Okay, trusting this lock. I hope this door is locked.
God I hope it's locked. It's a pretty simple mechanism. Let me turn the handle to make sure it doesn't-- shit. Door opens.
I hope this restaurant bathroom door is locked. I hope it's locked. Let me unlock it and do it again. Yup, button in. Locked. I hope.
RT @JensenClan88: CONGRATS! RT @Deadline: Paramount Pictures buys “The Maybe Pile,” a rom com from singer @JohnMayer, starring @channingtat…
.@alisonbrie how would you like to be in a film that CHANNING TATUM is attached to? It's called "The Maybe Pile," shoots in August.
.@channingtatum please contact me re: an audition for my film "The Maybe Pile." I think you'd be perfect in the part of Choosey Rodney
Any big time Hollywood writers/producers please contact me re: "The Maybe Pile." Would like to begin casting in mid-July. Thanx
I wonder if *this* is the year Hollywood produces a romantic comedy called "The Maybe Pile."
25 seems like an even number to me. 50 seems odd. I don't know. You wanna get coffee?
Dickish: "I'm going out to pick up a six-pack at the gym. Anybody want anything?"
The world around us has never been higher tech and lower compatibility. Can I play you this song on my iPhone at your party? No? Cool.
He/she will be right, though. You will have turned uncool.
And then you'll say "kid, I fought for your civil rights." Then the whole giant circle of life will come sprinkling down over your head.
One day, when you're 70, you may get into an argument with a 21 year old kid who happens to be gay and tells tells you you're old and square
A better hand to draw than some past generations, I'd think. These aren't first world problems, though. they're one world problems.
I think this 'generation' (at all ages) will go down in history as a world tasked with arranging hundreds of segmented cultures into one.
Dickish: "You're very special. Not one of a kind, but special."
Great minds think alone.
Good insult: "you're like the opposite of Jason Bourne. You have no idea how dumb you are."
Heard in a dream during jet-lag nap: "your problem is you think the world has a thousand moving parts, when really it has about four."
I'm about that "I'm about that life" life.
Do you know how utterly rare it is to create art that stands COMPLETELY alone from the time-stamped fashion/culture around it?
1994 actually. Even more astounding.
1997. What WAS that guy?
Maybe it's the jetlag talking but when I hear Jeff Buckley after some time away from his music, my chest feels like it's going to cave in.
Words that have replaced them: spirituality, passion, style, personality.
Words that have seemingly been taken out of the lexicon over the past several years: philosophy, integrity, authenticity, sincerity.
Official number seems to be 6.2 magnitude. And epicenter very close to Tokyo.
Earthquake just rolled through Tokyo for about a straight minute. Wild. Around a 5 magnitude, it seems. Biggest I've ever felt here.
Still astounded at how a toy piano-laden Wheat Thins commercial can auto play before a heinous story about an unspeakable act. Only online.
@Tremagazine would that stand for "beat-laden tunes"?
You're a weird guy, Ace.
Coming up with little philosophies is like a kid rearranging his bedroom furniture. Fun with what little control I have.
Also "PBR" works for "production-based recordings." I will now adopt and implement this. Now that I have labeled my tastes I can enjoy!!!
I think that gives credit where due. I can be moved by brilliant production just like I can with a trad. song. Also, just hypothetical.
Let's do away with "EDM," which has now begun a mission creep into pop music anyway. Let's call it "PBM" or "production-based music."
http://t.co/PtOIG8eQAU
You can't spell beautiful without "be" and "you." (Is that new? Is that all mine?)
AmaZing|  AmaZin| AmaZi| AmaZ|  Ama|  AmaZ| (shit) Ama|  AmaZ|  (shit) Ama|  AmaZ|  (shit) Ama| Amazing| (there we go)
I have the wanton disregard for iPhone power conservation that only a man traveling with an external battery can possess.
In Japan and loving it, but thinking about the people of Korea, my next stop. Having conversations about how we can help while there.
and in this way I am much like a sailor.
Lights, Edge of Desire, Auckland. Had to focus on the song so I wouldn't lose it. #thereijustsaidit (via cliffz74) http://t.co/0FqwpBDlOU
Feeling like whatever kind of day today is it's going to have the word "very" in it...
Also: determination vs obsession.
Dinner conversation topic: "music" vs "culture sounds."
This day off between every show thing, necessary for moving our gear, is so good for resting and regrouping. Voice feels good every night.
Melbourne: Gravity encore, with smart phone angels. http://t.co/VLtm9sfudc
You're never too old for the "unprepared for a major high school exam" dream, I guess.
In a sentence, maybe: "Marty came back from the bar drunk again, staging another scotch opera about how he thinks I'm cheating on him."
I write in my head all day, and sometimes words just pair up without meaning. Today brought me "scotch opera." Assonant and abstract.
I was present for the greatest quote ever. "If you think you're gonna share it, square it." -@sterloid, on shooting iPhone cam on 'square.'
I'm not saying you *need* to try it. You look great.
Every social media has a field it is best applied to. For instagram, it's definitely fitness. Try it.
I'm so current with bleeding edge music again and enjoy that paradoxically, my liking them makes them less cool.
A strange, fascinating thing to watch an old (old) movie and then wiki all the actors to read how their lives went. 70 years in a blink.
I want to pitch a product on Shark Tank that helps people who land deals on Shark Tank to high five each other successfully.
If I had two days to live for every one, I'd spend hours 25-48 trying to get a job shooting for @magnumphotos.
Goodnight Adelaide. I love the first shows of a new tour. A chance to reinvent. Thanks for coming out to be a part of it. Good morning USA.
Once again, the number of unwatched Shark Tank episodes sadly returns to zero.
Freshened up that gym playlist.
Post show, post shower. Clean, dry clothes. The battle for circadian rhythm rages on. This Lord Huron record is still the shit.
Agreed! RT @Sterloid First show back with @JohnMayer here in Perth was amazing. Felt great. Like we never left each other.
Aaaaand just like that...I'm a Broad City fan. Great show.
What's my biggest travel pet peeve, you don't ask? That would be people who mark what they want directly on the room service menu.
The best thing about Beyoncé? The break in her voice on the first "baby, love me lights out" in XO. Real and raw.
Man vs jet lag: http://t.co/VT2eKYflkC
I'm not looking for Gary Wright, I'm looking for Gary Wright now. #loopy #myloveisALIVE
Wordplay is an acceptable form of humor when you're loopy.
For what it's Perth, 24 hours isn't all that long a travel time.
I don't tweet often, but when I do I just knock 'em out of the park, don't I?
I believe in order to properly honor Nirvana's contribution to the music world, "never mind" should become one word.
Let the packing for Australia and Japan begin! Very excited to tour again.
Still reeling from the Neil Young concert last night. Proof that if you only track your own trend, you'll never be uncool. Just the best.
Wait, so a "lifehack" is just knowledge?
It's not a scathing criticism. I do see how it can rope you into the love of playing guitar. It's so complex a piece for the first song.
Why do people learn Blackbird first when they take up guitar? It doesn't teach you to play guitar, it just teaches you Blackbird.
What did we learn today?
You're all right.
#tbt early hotel recording. 2001. http://t.co/WswrWvLSKD
iPhone 6 to feature dial tone? #no
"Equality, not equantity!" #inspirational #meaningless #almostimportant
I'm deadly accurate with a Chuckit! Only dog owners will get this.
Happens every time. I email myself. I get a new email. I forget it's from me. "Ooh, email! Who's it from?"
I'm 36 (best age ever btw) and just now learning how to read. As in enjoy the words, don't just hustle to chapter's end like an assignment.
Don't normally check mentions (mind is a sacred and safe place) but got masochistic and checked. Gotta say... You guys are really kind!
It's happening. Just got very excited for the upcoming Australia and Japan shows. New year, new vibe. Voice feels GREAT. Practicing guitar.
Ralph Waldo Emerson,  Essay on Self-Reliance, 1841. The answers are right here. For free. http://t.co/bHDpJjT8Fw
Nothing nowhere beats old B.B. King records.
Video TBT: 2003, hotel room shenanigans. http://t.co/rAbVIJdyAM
RT @ChickCorea: Here's @JohnMayer talking w/ Chick: "When it's good, it doesn't matter what kind of music it is." http://t.co/edlY6rSr6e #p…
@Fender why are you taking your artists and pitting them against each other in a sports tourney bracket? Kind of lousy.
Went to a Costco today. I don't think I've ever been. Went nuts. Now I'm juicing and carbonating and brewing everything in sight.
If you can hear it, then by definition it's been done before. My best albums have been my writing what I wanted to hear. I feel that again.
Rebel/comply.
And it transcends music. The question: what do YOU do that's true to who you are no matter the present culture around you?
It's a delicate balance between accepting your place in the chronology and also not going out without a fight.
Sometimes the best pre-production is just thinking. I'm listening to modern music, wondering how much to rebel/comply
#tbt take a look at this guitar related injury I sustained in 2011. http://t.co/7mAfmfBCKk
Instagram video for the guitar players of the world. And any other interested parties. http://t.co/O41aUPjOn4
So the recording session last month was actually for an instrumental improvised album. Here's a complete track.  https://t.co/IdpqZyFYvB
Please, nobody spoil True Detective for me. I'm only up to episode 8.
Melatonin is what you'd have if the Lunesta butterfly spawned into Mothra.
Melatonin. They sell this stuff over the counter. Next to Flintstone vitamins. FDA won't touch it with a ten foot pole.
I think tomorrow I'll finally explain what exactly the recording session a few weeks ago was all about. Maybe share a surprise or two...
True Detective. Mumbling. Do I turn CC on, or am I not supposed to catch every word? Am I alone in this?
The Mr. Plow jingle is in my head again. Haven't seen the Simpsons episode in years but every once in a while POOF.
This is less about Google and more about the perpetually moving finish line I hate so much. Brilliant. http://t.co/nSRSyJ5PoZ
Watched it back and I have to say: cool on the part of @latenightseth to feature 4:30 of a song from the '70s played mostly instrumental.
That's Late Night with Seth Meyers. Tonight. The Trio. With jazz legends. Playing a song you know. With GROOVE. And melody. And solos.
Just played @latenightseth with the Trio and some incredibly special guests. An amazing way to end a week of playing and connecting.
RT @ChickCorea: Don't miss this! Chick plays with the @JohnMayer Trio tonite on @LateNightSeth w Wallace Roney and Manolo Badrena! http://t…
Game over. I have proven concept. RT @thesarahchoate @JohnMayer Hillary Clinton. Legendary pants suits. french toast. The Lost Boys.
So cliche' but yes. RT @TylerBig @JohnMayer Martha Stewart, jumpsuits, her homemade chili, Price is Right (old)
perfectly acceptable. Peaches and Cheers, aka the high life. RT @pearlajam @JohnMayer my dog, shirt, peaches, Cheers
It's on RT @TweetMelissa83 @JohnMayer you, kimonos, lucky charms, Spaceballs. 

Next.
Bingo. This is a thing. RT @celinelion @JohnMayer Tom Hanks, faux fur, tacos, The Walking Dead
Let me rephrase. Or phrase correctly for the first time. Fantasy moment. Who with, wearing what, eating what and watching what?
Here's a fun game my over-worked recording brain just came up with. #wwew. With, wearing, eating, watching. Who with, what, what, and what?
Wanted: toenail clippers. Will pay $600. This is for now.
iPhone, are you *really* at 10 percent, or are you really at, like, FIFTEEN and just looking out for me like a friend?
Thinking about a reboot of the film Cocoon, but in this one the old folks never die and they can watch a new Shark Tank whenever they like.
Pacific Rim is highly underrated. You may think this tweet is brought on by watching it. It's not. I'm just thinking about Pacific Rim.
The incredible Wallace Roney (trumpet) has joined the recording session and we're all flying high playing with him.
I had the greatest recording experience of my life today. 8.5 minutes of a really transcendent tune.
Pino and Chick. Here comes day two. Day one was insane. http://t.co/rrO12ZQg8v
Listening back to the deadliest groove with the deadliest maker of them, Steve Jordan. http://t.co/VMo34ZjFYE
Really special session going down today. In studio with Steve, Pino and the one and only Chick Corea playing some wide open stuff.
Stay tuned for the coolest tweets to ever come out of a studio. Session starts tomorrow...
Fender Custom Shop made this nickel plated Strat...believe it or not, it sounds incredible. http://t.co/wnjXJywPNQ
Recording live to 2" tape.  http://t.co/vz1yorUPol
Robocop. Who is he? Where does he come from? He comes from the 80s and cool boyfriends.  http://t.co/DbjRfwe43N
I got the hottest girl in the game

Pick in' my brain
Here's what everyone who wants to make up for not wanting to hang with you says: "when do you leave?" Yah that helps.
Always a nice warm feeling when a web site somehow loads up like the 1996 version of itself.
Tumblr theme design wormhole.
Valentine's Day on a Friday or Saturday: an all-inclusive event. Dare I say singles have the edge here?
'Dance For You' by Dirty Projectors is one of those rare songs that hasn't in any way been written before.
...as well as hitting the studio for a few days with some legendary guests to record an LP.
Excited to announce that the TRIO will be performing on Late Night With @sethmeyers on its debut week...
...the dumb people disintegrate, and the smart people investigate. That investigation is never comfortable. Or all that pretty.
There are moments in life where you need to feel quantum shift, movement. And if where you already are is considered the top...
Re: Shia. Being young and very talented/successful is like dropping in to the top of Mount Everest via helicopter.
Disruption in art is cool, but disruption as art... I don't know.
This Hayley Williams I'll tell you what sensational
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. I don't need to change a thing. I just look like this now. GOT IT.
Real work doesn't happen in a clean workspace.
Been seeing the world as less vertical, aka chart... And more like a giant hard drive. Everything good gets played eventually.
Re: Lewis Taylor - I wish that culture could take a year off from creating to look back to make sure we didn't overlook anything huge.
Lewis Taylor appreciation time. This record is superb. Kills me he's relatively unknown. 

https://t.co/Nq4HmQrU4q
Tune into @CBS tomorrow night for The Beatles 50th anniversary special. The supremely groovy @keithurban and I will perform together.
Russia is having an incredible Opening Ceremony, or as they like to call it, "Flashback Friday."
Costas just unplugged the alarm clock to recharge his iPhone. Now someone has to reset it. Could have pulled the lamp plug.
Now the room service guy is asking him if he would like last night's cart removed. Bob is intent on keeping both.
The room service guy is still setting up the table. Bob looks visibly annoyed.
Just ordered the Sochi Complete Olympic Viewing Package and watched Bob Costas in his hotel room sign for room service while on the phone.
Greatest five words ever written: "On FedEx Vehicle For Delivery."
Hey. You. Wanna buy some bootleg maps? I got em on the cheap. Amateur cartographers. Close enough. Florida's on it. Look hard.
Every time I feed my dog I want to stand up straight and address a camera about what's most important to me about his diet.
Another way to put the smart/old question: is what you're criticizing small or are you just too far away?
They're probably still there. RT @lfrank331 so mad at myself for not purchasing those two @JohnMayer cd's I came upon last weekend. #regrets
We have drastically different worldviews. RT @hannahcamara  You can eat whatever you want and you choose to eat canned soup?!? Seriously?!?
@scottycrowe  http://t.co/U0Ox3wOuqN
I just thought to myself "maybe I'll heat up two cans of soup and save the other half for later." But that's what canned soup is.
Miss those grease pencils. RT @Danny_Clinch #tbt @Nas from the illmatic shoot in 1993 #nas #illmatic http://t.co/CUEihxHpJY
Together, my girlfriend and I have over 50 MILLION TWITTER FOLLOWERS.
Well, that's the only reason I rejoined Twitter. @bjnovak, my work here is done! Signing off.
What an unforgettable experience to watch a friend watch themselves create something so great. Congrats @bjnovak. http://t.co/qbMXMebpJp
Such a fine line between feeling smart and sounding old.
Congratulations on being successful and best wishes on becoming happy.
Photograph: Aaron Paul, ((@aaronpaul_8)) NYC http://t.co/w78tF7VJhU
You mean Mayerenade? RT @kevinstinson96 @JohnMayer in your opinion which one of your songs should I use to serenade a beautiful woman?
"Headlines." I get it. Too soon. But I get it. RT @hattielilyy @JohnMayer just you wait for tomorrow's headlines.
Also how screwed up is it that I actually had to make sure that it didn't come out today that someone kept 1200 bodies in a house?
Ha! Anything's going to end up working, huh. RT @CABishop @JohnMayer as in for the getaway?
That tweet doesn't work the way I want it to because of the body/body wash connection. Should have been a car company or something.
Why don't big brands care about internet ad placement? "'Man Keeps 1200 Headless Bodies in Home' will play after this from Dove body wash."
Putting together a really exciting recording session for the end of February. Breaking out the Marshall JTM 45 mk II stack.
Re: Rene Fleming - isn't it so great to watch someone sing in their comfort zone? I want to be moved, not manipulated. Awesome.
There's so much going on tonight in NYC that nothing is going on.
Hibernation sickness. My eyesight will return in time. RT @personalyeezus @JohnMayer you are slowly coming back man
I'll be honest, when it came to rejoining twitter, I had mixed emojis.
I'm the Kenny Powers of Twitter.
I used to RULE these hallways. RT @uhhmandamarie @JohnMayer you are years behind, Mayer
Also #FF @katyperry
FF my friend @samjones. Amazing photographer. And somehow managed to get the account @samjones.
Been waiting SO long to share this with you. It's so bad it's good. Take a look. http://t.co/nBQAvVr1OR
I'm back. What'd I miss?
RT @hannahjoseph: I am waking up at 7 am, on a Friday, in Thailand to watch @JohnMayer's live Google+ hangout. #worthit #MAYERISBACK
RT @andreanay: Thank you to @JohnMayer for the signed double-vinyl LP set of Born &amp; Raised. Sounds even better than it looks! http:/ ...
