freshkid_daley
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/628679646192664576/d1VYCVhH_400x400.jpg
this programm is killing
not what i signed up for
So i got to spend so much money, or what,just so i can try t make sump out of my life
good times
Work everyday till we meet ends
the minute u start viewing em more than pussy, thats when u get fucked
his and hers Ferrari nigga, one for me and one for my daughter nigga
bitches aint shit but hoes and trix
fuck!
they're girls&gt;?
y girls suh fuck up yow, y dem do things and know its disgusting and just plain messed up and still do it and we must leave it alone because
rn mi frustrated suh mi ago tweet
long time mi nuh tweet
screaming time
i realizing this is a fucking trend and its getting annoying
this fucking girl getting to me
Gave this girl my number last week, she said she'll call me when she gets home. I'm starting to think she's homeless
A man of knowledge uses words with restraint, and a man of understanding is even-tempered. -Proverbs 17:27
Pretty girls with dead personalities
got better things to do than sit and wait
*has 10 second fantasy about someone u saw in public*
Chocolate, sex and laughter are all keys to a healthy brain.
College really makes you wonder how you sat in class for 8 hrs a day in high school. I can't even make it through a 50min class
Jesus said to her, "I am the resurrection &amp; the life. Anyone who believes in me will live, even though they die; -John 11:25
spooky fact: 2014 is the first year in 666 years that Halloween falls on Friday the 13th!!
For God so loved the world that he gave his one &amp; only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. -John 3:16
And teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. &amp; surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age. -Matthew 28:20
No girl sucks dick but somehow all dudes get head. Dudes only fuck bad bitches yet all these ugly girls getting pregnant. Somebody lying.
Today, forgive those that have hurt you &amp; forgive yourself so that you can walk in victory.
I can do all things in him who strengthens me. -Philippians 4:13
Reading old messages and wondering where it all changed.
A #Virgo will never share their complete selves with a person. Some secrets must be kept.
Make sure that nobody pays back wrong for wrong, but always try to be kind to each other and to everyone else. -1Thessalonians 5:15
I want a laid back, funny, shit talking, play fighting, type of relationship
If every kiss begins with "k" then I'm just going to assume that when you text me "k" you secretly want to make out.
Every house is built by someone, but God is the builder of everything. -Hebrews 3:4
I'm at that awkward age where half my friends are engaged and having babies and the other half are too drunk to even find their phones.
Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean y'all happy, having a title dont make it real
Care too little.. you lose them. Care too much.. you get hurt.
To be old and wise, you first must be young and stupid.
RT @TedOfficialPage: do u ever leave ur phone for like an hour and expect to come back to like 60 texts but u get none yeah same
my parents aren't rich but they've always found a way to make sure I had anything I ever needed or wanted and for that I'm forever grateful
Sharks are actually immune to all known diseases.
http://t.co/RhPFBA9QFZ
http://t.co/IbMOwtFjzS
RT @Scripture_Truth: Train up a child in the way he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it. -Proverbs 22:6
The person you want the most plays the most games
Me flirting: I hate everybody but u
Girls who have more 'guy friends' than 'girl friends' go through less depression and anxiety
Ohh I cant believe it!
Cuz u look so guuud tell me y u wanna work here
I'd rather hear your voice than read your text.
I don't care if we talk about absolutely nothing, I just want to talk to you.
In any relationship, you're either growing with, being stagnant with, or growing apart from your partner.
it’s not a sunday unless you completely waste it then feel really sad around 8pm
Unexpected text messages are always nice. The fact that the person took a little bit of their time to make you smile.
It's almost October and I don't even know how that happened so fast
Unfortunately I'm the type of person that you can screw over 1 million times and I would still be there for you if you needed me
"K." is the shortest way to spell " Fuck You"
@Forev_Inspired lol seh she still pain up
Mi cyaa stop laugh after Barnet and dija
A swear wat a weekend
@Forev_Inspired lol   true
fucking hell man!
Can I touch your boobs?
Ahh sah
Don't tell me what to do unless you're naked…
@sashakay1011 trust sasha O.o
brown girl nuh keep tight pussy, a true or a lie?
Women think about sex as much as men do.
@sashakay1011  im back!!!!!!!!!!!
u pussy vex wid d bwoy weh u have, bring d pussy mek mi mek d pussy laugh
mi nuh tweet fi months now
ill never know
ill never know wat it feels like
A relationship without trust is like a phone without service. All you do is play games.
Suck u mada dog face batty bwoy
it's really hard to wait for the right person in your life, espiacally when the wrong ones are soooo hot.
Our generation doesn't ring the doorbell. They text or call to say they're outside."
Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer &amp; petition, w/ thanksgiving, present your requests 2 God. -Phil 4:6
I dont care about your past, what u did, what u use to do, who u did, or whatever, what matters is who u r now
Are you always this stupid, or are you making a special effort today?
yea bitches, got back ma baby, now im on a roll, again
mothafuckers im back!
Soon as u c success haters reinvest
Love me sum head and I love a girl that likes to do it
@Rochelle2Sweet it*
@Rochelle2Sweet lol in d song boo, akon said if
Cash rules everything around me
25 to life no joke
Dollar bill
She use to b the sweetest girl
Tight pum pum mi will middle dem
My girl pum pum look like it start swell
Stink pus make ma dick soft
1 gold tooth
Sha sha shabba ranks
Bombobloodclaat man
Turn me up a lil more
Short nigga but ma dick tall
I want you, and only you.
do you ever just wanna sleep for like 3 years
i saw mam struggle now she living care free
I always miss you as soon as you're gone.
I'll never chase a friendship. That's just not me. If we're cool, cool. If we're not, that's cool too. Life goes on.
"I love you" means that I accept you for the person that you are, and that I do not wish to change you into someone else.
I would spend my time wisely, but, you know, Netflix.
I wanna be a nice person but everyone is so stupid...
Best kind of laughter: Laughing so hard that your laugh becomes silent.
*Missed a call*   *Calls back*   *No answer*    "What, did you die within 3 seconds?"
You can't stay mad at someone who makes you smile.
i have been planning on getting my shit together for like 5 years now
i hate when someone is pretty and also funny like stop that you only get one
Immature: A word that boring people use to describe fun people.
high ana!!!
after i die i’ll probably still complain
mi neva believe u, when u seh u sump tight till it a squeeze u
move u draws
Wen life gives yu boobz... Squeeze them.
u breast stiff, u pussy tight
gal run u tongue all over mi
mi kno seh u pum pum tie mi gal like u obeah
wine d cocky wid authority
u a mi baby
Deleting one 'ha' from from your 'hahahhahahaha' because you feel like it's too much.
u nuh love love making u love it hard core
gal u fat pussy mek mi cock raise
high yiy yiy yiy suh!!!!!!!
It’s sad when guys cheat on their beautiful girlfriend with baby monkeys, hamsters, turtles, and every zoo animal you can name.
wat a bloodclaat pussy fat!
bomboclaat,mi affi cus a bad wud
Hope and pray
Nuh trust friend, a pussy dem
If you can't get around it, you have to get over it.
Performance shot to bbc!
Shot!
Sneakers a shot!
Yowwwwwwww
BBC!  Raayyyyyyyyy!
Lorde look like bout 100
ariana! !!!
Chune
FUN
Man ripped
She bad
Mi wah fuck r
Dwl mommy seh she think a tessanne song
Lmfao they look song
I give my all to u!
All of me loves all of u!
Omg!
From mi a baby she chat bout mannar center
This woman tho
Hair iron dwl
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaalo
Yellow pages smh
Maggie dinner time gone!
BBC!  Omg
Ncis abby! !!
Omg! Abby!
Suh mi wah finga a gal
I had a dream, is this Wat Martin Luther king was talking bout
Bbc all MU a advertise!  Kmt
All d money spent in dis nite can clear we death enuh BBC
Songs I dnt kno
Performance lame but still a shot
Ur an animal
Dem instruments deh can pay mi skl fee fi d rest a..I years enuh, d bbc a gwaan
Okay thn
I kno u want it
Blurred lines!
Kmt BBC!  A cuz mi nave better fi do
Ok redstripe annoying nw
Kmt adz again!
Chune!
Shit juicy j ute ratings tall
Bassline a kick!
My song!
Lol smh
Tvj fi go suck dem madda
@jamiekush yea dawg
Dnt like her clothes tho
@jamiekush d crowd Nigga!
Call her queen bee!
Omg!  Tears!
Royals!
Lorde!
Mi cyaa spell but fuck it
Man dem fresh!
Maklamore
Kendrick
Dnt loose Lmfao
Dwl man hat remind mi a cage
Man swagg
Mi wah go L.A.!
Omfg robbim thick
Dwl Taylor
Man fly u Fuck
C mi deh!
Husband and wife
Drunk in love on my dick
To d one's Weh seh. 'One day', big up
Neva disrespect a woman yer
To d one's Weh style me, big up (y)
To d girls Weh buss mi, big up (y)
Time is only wasted if u didn't enjoy it
We tried
Bitch dnt kill my vibe
Sometimes I wanna b alone
I am a sinner, who's probably gonna sin again,
Small minds insult abt the obvious
I stop judging ppl, do Wat u want its your thing,  just keep it to yourself ,who gives a Fuck
Doesn't prove anything if u won
Pull up dat bomboclaat
Posses that Bitch like a demon
Lol pshh feelings, as useful as the air in lays
have u ever been so sad that u cant even cry u just sit there &amp; think about how sad u are
Everything that keeps me makes me feel alive
Teacha!
Galaxy medz
Place lame
Bere one werd text
Mi ago just stop text r
This girl tho
Mi just a seh yes Mhmh
When adults bored they tend to talk crap
Ahh bwoy
Ntn to do
Bored
all i want is you
@neekyinfamous  follow this chiq
my head is hurting because i thought about my future for 0.3 seconds
Don't ever settle for less than you deserve.
Sleep tite my friend
Chest pounding
It's taking a toll
Havnt felt like this since two years ago
Never see it Comming
Ride or die
Stabbed Yow
Once bitten,  twice shy
2 to b exact
Only few remain equally loyal
Always happeneds
Neva leave ur self open to disappointment
I mean im nt surprised,  but shocked
RT @IDGAF_iTweet: This shit so real we had to restart it
RT @IDGAF_iTweet: I still ride with day one niggas
RT @IDGAF_iTweet: Fvck all your niggas,except my Niggas
T.W.I.T.T.E.R. =   
This  
Wonderful   
Internet  
Thing  
That'll   
Eventually   
Ruin  
Your  
 Life.
Treat your girl right a new nigga will.
RT @IDGAF_iTweet: @freshkid_daley Big tune
Some people really just to know make themselves look ugly
When I think of all the stuff I've been through I have confidence I can get through this. I trust that God will take care of me.
chuneeeeeeeee
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 

hesitttttttttttaaaaaaatioooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
It doesn't matter where your coming from,all that matters is where your going. Let God be our judge .
Intelligence will bring you a far way ..
@neekyinfamous aight, waiting........
@neekyinfamous smh, link mi pon watsapp then
spanish guitar, over and over again
@neekyinfamous een waiting on  reply good while now beb
@Jevi_1_ bbc
The key to success is not to de-clear all ur assets
come yah nuh mi gal!!!
-__- song tho
mek mi choke u, while mi fuck u!
ducatti batty
You just clumsy.... all ways tripping over nothing....
She DTF, no complications (y)
chune!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
uhhullalallauahuaualoooo
he lelellelelelleeaaa
shout it out loud mi horny and mi proud
I'm at that point where I don't even care if people like me anymore. If you like me, cool. If you don't, okay.
First thing I do in the morning:  Look at the clock and hope I have more time to sleep.
No one wants to be treated like an option.
B*tches be like "Forever Alone" when they texting 40 n*ggas, fucking 17 n*ggas, and DM'n 23 n*ggas, you might be alone but yo pussy ain't!
Men Lie, Women Lie But WhatsApp 'Last Seen' doesn't.
you know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera
If i like a girl I don't stalk, I investigate.
Jealousy means I actually care.
Blood is thicker than water but they both leak. So you better watch who you trust
Bitch please, your vagina has more users than Facebook."
Being in the Friend Zone is like an employer turning you down for a job, then calling regularly, bitching about the person they hired.
New pickup line: I hate a lot of people, but I don't hate you
i deal with my personal problems the same way i study for tests  i don’t
@Jevi_1_ dey should kno, dey should bloodclaat know
@Jevi_1_ smh moooooooooooooooooo
@Jevi_1_ bleh mooo
Wasnt in vien but bbc man
Mi still Cyaa believe mi spend suh much BBC money!
So I had tha best holiday ever!
Diced pineapples
The fu
Hate this
So it's happening again
@Narcotic_Chica dm mi
http://t.co/8ibx00nrU3
http://t.co/yAcU1Wv6na
http://t.co/EZ8ivJhxxu
U ever wish u could take stuff outa the tv during ad's
Should a taken a job instead
Ugh!
Cant sleep
Im bored
U ain't shit no more
@Narcotic_Chica yah talk bout?
Dem bitches get an extra week
Times like these I wish I did go Uwi
Ohhhhhh well,  just get high before mi go yah
Damn utech again
Ohhhhhh Fuck skl tomorrow
Drinking games
One big BBC chicken!
Dwl that game tho'fussy duck, ducky fuss'
U pum pum look like it start swell
I hate when people look at my phone while I'm typing.

It's not that I have something to hide.

It's just none of your damn business
@Mskrissybabez I second that
RT @Mskrissybabez: I don't believe in going to bed early
I give clothes to the homeless, a ring to the girl I love and money to hookers, which one r u Bitch!
Inin order for someone to value u, you must first value yourself
Instead of searching for love, look for happiness, sometimes being in love isn't your happiness
Going back to an ex is never a good idea
Those who were heartless once cared too much
Jt wicked
RT @CallMe_Bitz: "@Brian_HPG: Bawling bruh “@JaTrolling: LMAOOO .. "Hollister Eyebrows" | #submitted http://t.co/5bBMKVsYRW”" dies RT @fres…
@CallMe_Bitz @Brian_HPG @JaTrolling  m
BBC!
Fuck your dreams nigga,  this is reality
They hate wat they understand
Ma teacher told me I was a piece a shit,  I saw her the other day, driving a piece a shit!
They say im getting money must b illuminati
Being dead broke is the route of all evil
Lollipop deh yah wid 2 bubble gum
She neva kno my foreplay affect brain
Finding a gf is harder than getting pussy, smh sad
Ill b alright
Let it go
Love dat shit
Girls in convers
New years eve alone
Nuh gal cyaa seh my battery dead!,, Chune!!!! bbc mi wah go back to 2009 a swear. dancehall a fuckry now
Short girls are the cutest.
You aint even know it
U.O.E.N.O
we do what we a do and we dont give a fuck
we lef dem inna rubble. cuz we step like wrecking ball
We come, we fuck shit up, we leave.
Bang bang boom boom pop pop
Sex and music are the two biggest stress relievers.
Converse!!! :D :D :D :D
u pum pum bring life
"So how long have you been single?" "Since birth."
Keep it classy, never trashy, just a little nasty.
You don't understand and I can't explain.
lmfao, Elementary
If you are living your life without giving an "f", You are living a li[ ]e.
()
Time goes by slower when you miss someone you love.
Those days where you just feel ugly and don't wanna leave your house.
2014 please be good to me🙏. Academically📚, Spiritually⛪️, Financially💰, Relationships 💏&amp; Physically in good health💪. I'm claiming it🙌
I am single and I know it.
When I die I want someone to come to my funeral dressed up as the grim reaper.
A Good man deserves a queen who will suck his dick like a slut, fuck him like a whore, make him laugh like a homie, cook like his mama.
http://t.co/56vb8alkDW
shabba!
short nigga but ma dick long
Im so fly, i get head like a blow dryer
@D_5Star_Chiq suh mi imagine how u deal wid him u kno seh a dat a mash up mi head
Wah bun mi u is a freak enuh
Uneasy is the head that wears the crown
As mi reach mom piss mi off
That one girl
No emotions, no attachments, just have fun
I like dtf girls
Please dnt worry bout me im fine
Got the best crowd ever
Last year this time I wasnt as happy
ride it
is everything expensive or am i just poor
can 2014 be the year that my life falls into place that would be great thanks
beach flex
just reach home
Beach! !!!
No matter how strong of a person you are, there’s always someone who can make you weak.
so yea frass nuh pussyclaat
Take a look and u can c im destined for greatness
Tell mi Wat do u c when u looking at me
If u nuh happy just move on nuh Kmt
It's annoying
It's not u, its me
Situations I put myself in
I smile and laugh to hide the distasteful experience
This happened about the same time last year, sigh
Lmfao@Karl
Kinda game dis
Vanquisha!
How much time u loose u virginity
Lol fucked up games tho
Kiss a girl of the opposites sexy, Lmao roshane
Aight u have mi number right?
Can u promise me u will b bad to me?
Disciplinarian http://t.co/62sxFU4nlp
Bad girls aint no good, good girls ain't no fun http://t.co/svPyXYlCRx
http://t.co/bdu6bCCLJL
Bad girls
@isabella_tonya  oh aight hear wah,  we supposed to hit a club nuh sure which yet, yah reach?
God forgive me if a me alone sin a earth
Kmt
Spartan angeles
Baby tek off u draws
From mi look inna u eyes mi c d freakiness baby girl mek it unleash
Nobody naffi kno seh me and u a fuck
U seh u pum pum exquisite, is it? It Cyaa certified till my cocky visit
U pussy got me speaking in proper English
Me Wah kno which pum pum Kartel look pon and seh it cute
Gal u pum pum cute enuh
Me a buy 2 sprat look pon it and seh! 

Hey gal move u bbc
And if mi run outa gal mi go check dem
One come one gone suh mi get dem
Punanny a my best friend nuh matter wah mi nah Lef dem
Gaza mi seh batty a mi enemy!
Big belly and d gal still a penny me
Mi nuh gal fi go cry nor shed a tear
A guy doe. Like mi, mi nuh care
@isabella_tonya nuh sure enuh wah yah do Christmas eve?
I respect people that tell me the truth, no matter how hard it is.
Grab her hips and kiss her lips.
The best relationships are the ones you never saw coming.
A bad decision now, but a great story later.
if u nuh breed u affi stifle
I ran over my cat with a lawnmower. I guess you could say. *takes off sunglasses* I tore that pussy up.
A pack-a-day smoker will lose approximately two teeth every 10 years.
I can read minds... Right now you are on Twitter reading this!!
Ever since I met you, nobody else is worth thinking about.
Never settle for anything less than you deserve.
Every girl is a freak, it just takes the right guy to bring it out of them.
That moment when you both stop kissing, look at each other, laugh, then kiss again.
Can we just take a minute to appreciate Pringles for never lying to us about the amount of chips we’re getting when we open the can.
I really worry about which selfie my family would put on the news if I ever went missing.
The wife be screaming Hallelujah. Hoo geezas take me nowww! Wholly Thine, He puts my pumz the cross!!
@DaRealAqua @CallMe_Bitz @sashakay1011 @Jevi_1_ @Travi_Don lol aqua!, Splash!
@CallMe_Bitz lol afta wah unuh gwaan wid last nite, unnuh must frass
@CallMe_Bitz eee, bless yes, u?
@CallMe_Bitz kezzz y pree
Can we just take a minute to appreciate "Pringles," for never lying to us about the amount of chips we’re getting when we open the can
horoscope: avoid people
My skills include falling in love with people I can't have and eating 5 times the suggested serving size.
Your opinion is irrelevant because you are a cunt.
Crazy friends + Good weed = Amzing stories
Retweet if you like weed more than alcohol, Favorite this tweet if you like both equally.
Dear Police, Instead of arresting a weed smoker every 37 seconds, maybe you could spend more time arresting killers, rapist, and pedophiles.
Look officer, I'm not being a smart ass. All I'm saying is if you caught me then you were speeding too.
My friend prefers alcohol over weed. I prefer watching him clutch the toilet all night long, while I float in space
Being high + good sex = perfection
No love, just sex, More weed, less stress
Its my life, ill smoke weed if i want to
Im a smoker....not a drinker
Girls that smoke weed :)
When i was a kid everyone told me smoking weed was bad. Nowadays everyones a stoner
If you fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, and flirt like first loves, you're asses are fuckin meant to be.
"be happy with what you have because some people don't have it
Ladies, if you don't give head; Your relationships will always fail.
Hoes text first to complain about how you never text them first.
When someone tells you to, "expect the unexpected", slap them in the face and ask them if they expected it
Friends come and go, but best friends stick around, no matter where they are
Would you rather be rich and not in love or homeless and in love?
Nuh body naffi know say me and u a fuck
Trust your heart, because if you can't trust yourself, you can't trust anyone
My girl keep yourself circumspect
Everyone has 3 lives, a public life, a private life, and a secret life.
But seek first his kingdom &amp; his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. -Matthew 6:33
Periods. Mother natures cock block.
That awkward moment when you're walking down the stairs and think there's another step and you hulk stomp the ground.
S.I.N.G.L.E = [S]tress [I]s [N]ow [G]one, [L]ife's [E]asier
when u stop expecting ppl to be perfect, u can like them for who they are
Did it hurt when you fell from an asshole and into a toilet you piece of shit
True love isn't Romeo and Juliet who died together. It's Grandma and Grandpa who grew old together
Don't take advantage of the person you love and make them wait, they'll only wait so long.
I hate when people act a different way when they get around certain people
Don't walk out on something amazing try to get something better
I love my best friends for who they are, I accept them, I'm happy with them, that's all.
Being a person is getting too complicated. Time to be a unicorn.
In the future, I just want a better and happier life.
where can i download motivation
Be who you want to be, not what other people want to see.
My mouth automatically says "shit" when something wrong happens.
Cheating isn't always kissing, touching, or flirting. If you gotta delete text messages so your partner won't seem em, you're already there.
$800 for an iPhone 6? It better be fireproof, dirt proof, waterproof, girlfriend proof and siri better twerk on command.
"I need to talk to you" is the one sentence that has the power to make you remember every bad thing you've ever done in your life.
don’t start an argument with a girl because they all have 45030194 GB memories and will bring up something you did at 14:27PM on 23/04/1604
tip pon u toe fi dah fuck yah nuh gal
Dats y u end up wid a bag a man a wine u, cua u a wait pon dem fi mine u
I'd be a better person if everyone stopped pissing me off.
Trust can be lost within seconds, takes a lifetime to regain, and is still never as strong
I'm in my bed, you're in yours, one of us is OBVIOUSLY in the wrong place.
Doctors have discovered a disease that causes human beings to bite, chew and attempt to eat their own hands.
You are less likely to experience a nightmare when sharing your bed with someone you trust.
I must have a great butt, because every time I finish talking to someone and start to walk away. I hear them whisper "What an Ass"
Laughing at your own texts before you send them because you’re so damn funny.
Let's have sex? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
Missing you is my hobby, caring for you is my job, make you happy is my duty, and loving you is my life.
Life's a box of chocolates, eat it all before the man in charge takes it away from you
I say "I don't know" to everything when I'm in a bad mood.
Cheating is not an accident. Falling off a bike is an accident... You don't just trip and fall into a vagina....or on a dick
I wish I had the ability to fall asleep in 5 seconds... or at least 5 minutes please
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake
I think a lot, but I don’t say much.
Lord You're more than enough for me.
Can't sleep at night, can't get up in the morning.
Nobody wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want most, is the person you're best without.
TIME....thats the answer to all your problems....just be patient and give it some time.
What I want: Less stress. Less pain. Less problems. More Happiness. More Laugh.
Saying, That's crazy! when you haven't been paying attention to what someone's saying.
You don't know something? Google it. You don't know someone? Facebook it. You don't find something? MOM!
I seriously close doors on people i dont need in my life....
A girl is not a yo-yo. You can't just pull her close when you need her, then push her away when you don't. Period.
- I've Been Replaced, Lied To, Cheated On, Forgotten, And Treated Like I'm Worthless. . . . . I'm Used To It. -
By pride comes nothing but strife, But with the well advised is wisdom. -Proverbs 13:10
Charm is deceptive, and beauty is fleeting; but a woman who fears the LORD is to be praised. -Proverbs 31:30
In his name the nations will put their hope - Matthew 12:21
I'm not saying she's a whore, but if her vagina was a video game, it would be rated E for everyone
I don't really forgive people. I just pretend it's okay and wait for the perfect opportunity to destroy them.
My penis stopped breathing! Quick, perform CPR!
Hey, nice legs. What time do they open?
No mom, 
you're mad because you're wrong,
 not because I'm talking back.
Me everyday at any time to everyone ever: I'm so tired.
Mi and mi dawgs dem role, any violations nah talk
batty bwoy u get fuck! like a nympho
7, 8,9,10 stage a evil
dis we pon friday and dead by a Saturday
wissy wassy weh di matty si d fassy deh!
when mi rise up d dog a nuh lassy yea!
Me nuh fraid a u crew nor u possy yea!
hold on u baby mada name dalia, seh u suck more than mosquitoes carrying malaria
how dem a dadz and namning Michelle out
and u mada still suffer suh wah mi fi badmine fah!
Bout mi cyaa go portmore u a lip trace
like u tek man fi bomboclaat junior and im ur senior
pussy dem a chat and trace enuh
weh dem use kill jesus? same suh mi cross
kill him inna church cuz mi nuh religious
all a who a run affi run weh speedier
Bwoy violate mi nuh gi dem a page, dem get a bloodclaat encyclopedia
the man power weh a push backa d mack 90 and d bush wacka
Smaddy affi get gun shot
A gaza govern d universe, and  a empire govern d world
grung bitch
grung girl
stop mek d gal dem piss inna u head cuz it a soak through u brain
Stop fuck d gal dem inna dem batty and blood up d sheet uppa hilton
Mario Mario u nuh hear tongue god a call up u name.............. One to him brain
when it claat is like  a dover man bark
u salt ee, spread out pon asphalt
Dem a pussy pum pum and punanny
Dancehall inna mi ears!
role wid a gun name murder mus
mi nuh serious mi murderous
A do some man, bwoy dem a flip like sony Ericson and and samsung
Dis mean a christmas ntn nah merry
Dem nuhy bad Garey niece
Action over word mi seh
Start war and dead!
Its December and Couples are dating &amp; Singles are waiting
inna head copper import morrow export
Can we just take a minute to appreciate Pringles for never lying to us about the amount of chips we’re getting when we open the can.
me a nuh batty man mi bun d sodomite pussyhole  nuh get bloodclaat brite!!
U fi talk seh gal a piss inna u suck pussy dog mouth
Wah dat fah!
dem bwoy deh a pussy like weh unda every gal
metaphors and similes in a correct order, AKA Kartel!!!!!!!
Run go fi weh u wah go fah mothafucka mi a wait, u life expire and a to day a d date
Mistakes are meant for learning, not repeating.
Im dying, like seriously, im dying
only a fool turns down reproach
Poppycock
6 keys to a relationship: ✓ Friendship ✓ Freedom ✓ Honesty ✓ Trust ✓ Understanding ✓ Communication
Giving your friend "the look" when someone is being annoying
Based on a psychological study: a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you're already in love.
Enough sperm to form an object slightly larger than an aspirin tablet would be sufficient to give Earth its present population
i once had a goldfish that could breakdance on carpet, but only for like 20 seconds
Going to bed earlier helps protect you from depression and thoughts of suicide -- At least 8 to 9 hours of sleep makes a huge difference.
Once you're attached, you're fucked.
You really piss me off sometimes, but that won't ever change my feelings for you.
i want to sleep for 2 years and wake up with a degree, an apartment and money in the bank.
8261142
Need help waking up? Play a game on your phone. It stimulates your mind and will get you ready for the day.
Maturity comes with experience, not age.
When your kids are born, reserve them a good e-mail address. Send them pictures, notes, etc. Give to them when 18.
I'm pretty sure God created only 6 days, Monday was definitely made by Satan.
Getting paid to sleep... that's my dream job
I want  a GF now
i remember when my bestfriend was shy and quiet, i created a fucking monster
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of knowing u did your best to become the best that u are capable of being.
Best friends have conversations impossible to understand by other people
Never trust a bitch that take hours to text you back but when you with them they always got they phone in their hand texting.
Trust ?

 ^GO SUCK YUH MADDA ! Me Done Wid You Permanently....
Stop making me laugh. I'm trying to be mad at you.
Sometimes I drop things and am too lazy to pick them up, like pencils, or my hopes and dreams.
My babe is my babe. Therefore, Dont touch my babe, hug my babe, talk to my babe, smile at my babe, look at my babe or grab my babe. Got it?
