Holyhighbatman
https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/670898192301600769/0vE7dzC3.jpg
He estado durmiendo estupendo gracias por preguntar
https://t.co/SfTRJXZ6Yr
With a thousand lies
And a good disguise
Hit ‘em right between the eyes
Everything sounds better in my head or everyone else is just too wack
If a girl doesn't have booty pictures on her Instagram page, is that girl really worth following?
RT @lordemusic: walkin thru the MAGNETS party in this future bianca jagger palm springs type getup 📷 @amberdmakeup http://t.co/oscGGXXevR
RT @lordemusic: one of my life goals has always been "to one day play a hitgirl who pretends to seduce then burns alive douchey boyfriends"
RT @UberFacts: Bilinguals’ personalities change depending on the language they're speaking in, according to research.
A lot can happen between now and never
RT @redban: FUCK YOU @FATJEW - SHARE THIS (Maura Quint created a nice summury)

https://t.co/dnLMY3GMco http://t.co/glQmPmOwVT
RT @gunit3396: Su mente es bella
RT @duncantrussell: When I was growing up you didn't have the Internet to identify your parent's pills. You just took them and hoped for th…
RT @HBOboxing: Backstage with @MannyPacquiao as we get closer to the main event. #MayPac http://t.co/gMx36frhV7
RT @lordemusic: mum just asked me what a fatass nug was
Amazing how a song can bring back memories. I can't believe I just bought a Taylor swift song.
Teddy grahams or mummified gummy bears?
Yo soy solamente un tipo común yo no soy Quien más sabe de amor
I got a costumed to the buttons on my teeth now they're gone, where did time go?!
Kings of Leon - Closer (HQ) http://t.co/1fG9knC29l
Who ever said "if this walls could talk" was not sober. That is not a sober thought. Who ever said that was probably wearing tie dye.
RT @gunit3396: My spanish teacher doesnt speak English...
RT @ILLUMlNATI: There's no reason to look back when you have so much to look forward to.
RT @madflavor: Mushrooms for Dinner! http://t.co/m0P4NopQAP
Yo voy a mi porque no existe lo imposible
RT @gunit3396: I just ate shit so hard on the ice I bawled like a baby.
My understanding of new slang is currently on fleek.
RT @TonyHinchcliffe: Has Kim Kardashian taken credit for breaking North Korea's internet yet?
RT @ILLUMlNATI: Sometimes the best way to appreciate something is to be without it for a while.
RT @Graham__Hancock: The people have spoken, and the message on marijuana legalisation is loud and clear. http://t.co/8AwhDfjqZ2
If a camara isn't a coffin, what is it? Isn't where reality goes to die?
Don't you get involved in the world of drugs... We're too many and there's not enough.
RT @lordemusic: people keep asking me what i will be for halloween and my answer is that i am halloween
Not just words
Unappetizing thoughts about unappetizing things.
Please...
HAVE YOU HEARD. It's 730° F. in hell, but it's a dry heat so you don't really feel it.
There’s this desire for me to act out... That I should jump out of my chair and grab you by the neck
Vampires don't exist, it was only a kiss...
RT @gunit3396: What's it gonna take to be number one?
This lust to my brain almost feels like a gun
Fair
What kind of love are you dreaming of when you're heartless?
There's danger in our honesty. Because trouble comes to those who are free.
One more yesterday
Ay amor me duele tanto, 
Que no creas más en mis promesas
As if the anticipation wasn't enough, I get to wait an extra day to catch the season premiere of the walking dead. #¿Porquetrabajo?
Bring it! #themorgue #hauntedhouse #daytwo
Sólo de errores se aprende
Y hoy sé que es tuyo mi corazón
guardate la poesia
Guardate la alegria pa'ti
Caught a glimpse at the lunar eclipse. Left me mesmerized.
Currently watching football, the American kind! Cheering for packers of course. #wisconsinaccustomed #justearnedsomeamericanpoints
Enamorado de la voz de Lorde y su canción yellow flicker beat 😍😍😍😍
Sé mala, pero en exceso Que lo más que me gusta de ti es eso
Nothing like shadow boxing to clear my mind
No te creas tan importante, 
ya no te pienso todo el día como antes
Ya soy feliz no tengo tiempo para odiarte
Successful night 😈
Better than yesterday
Veo que todabía me extrañas
A guy asked me what brand of perfume I wear because I smelled good while he made me a sandwich. I was even uncomfortable, I was flattered.
Envenename con tus besos 
Desde el comienzo hasta el final
you're mine you just don't know it yet
I hope you don't think I'm ill-intentioned
We're getting good at this
I’m like a bird flying in the sky, in the sky.
I see your heart selling me a lie, my, my, my
The imperfect nature
In your way of loving
@gunit3396 Thanks
By the way 12th tray so far. 18 more to go. #almostdone #watchout #howfast
Mood swings and irritated with my teeth shifting right now. My mouth's having a period. #closestideverbe #ateast
Come sleep with me: We won't make Love,Love will make us.
So she let me...
I take advantage and....
Pam pam pam
I touch her...
RT @gunit3396: @Holyhighbatman wrote a whole spanish essay!
@gunit3396 Me alegro, muy pronto espero una conversación en español.
@gunit3396 oho better not slack on that Spanish then, otherwise you're loosing.
@gunit3396 haha I can already feel my skin getting lighter. Watchout.
@sublinkk Hey you're place is where I had homemade burgers for the 1st time Haha changed my life.
I just Americanized myself a little bit more with my first ever homemade burgers that puts any fast food restaurant to shame.
Busting out the combat boots early this season because they are love.
"I paint myself because I am so often alone and because I am the subject I know best." - Frida Kahlo
Look, I could be wrong about everything, but I do have a carefully considered position to defend.
Pero yo te quiero así 
Infame hermosa.
Me dicen que eres hiedra venenosa 
Espina de rosa...
Girl sometimes I even swipe right on your instagrams in case that's a new thing and no one told me about it.
RT @gunit3396: Watched a movie in spanish with spanish subtitles and I actually understood, hope my ancestors are proud;)
Tattoos seem boring, I wanna get a scarification badly. #sacredgeometrynext
Either I'm loosing weight or my jawline is  changing but I look like a walking skeleton. #corpse #amcmovietalk thewalkingdead
Before I knew a single word of English, walking into the wrong classes was something I did quite frequently. #enjoythe1stday #idid...
@gunit3396 I like your taste.
Buzzcut season is definitely my favorite song from Lorde apart from glory and gore. #guilty
The one who speaks with his hands.
There's an all chocolate dedicated store down the street. How dare you tempt my strength.
Like a criminal kisses to your jugular.
RT @duncantrussell: Can't tell if I have ADD or if I just enjoy speed.
R.I.P to you my love.
Adding ten extra years to my face with this luxurious beard.
If my hands could tell you, if only they could speak. I'd think they'd tell you quite a story.
"The love you withhold is the pain that you carry"
@sublinkk last teen year motherfucker take advantage, I mean enjoy it haha happy birthday man.
"I'm physiologically incapable of fidelity." - Diego Rivera
Shit, time flies by
"I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to, too."
Somos extraños de nuevo pero está vez con recuerdos.
RT @shanesmith30: I'm crying not because Germany won but because of shakira's lyrics
Perhaps we sympathize and are attracted to each other, but think and act differently. We belong to incompatible elements.
RT @VICE: Flashback: We went to the Westminster Dog Show... On Acid! http://t.co/zqJe97iofr http://t.co/98mdVYjUkm
After a month of absence duo to injuries, tonight I returned to my beloved jiu jitsu and Muay Thai.
The most miserable past three days of my life.
no entiendo
@zmr182 Feliz Cumpleaños mi Hermano, nos vemos pronto para celebrar!
RT @gunit3396: Lose me before you even have me.
"I pressed her thigh and death smiled" - Jim Morrison
No me provoques 😉
Desires are what can most easily ruin us, lovely.
I’d love to try to tame you... And I would simply adore it if you turn out untamable
So, apart from breaking hearts, what other hobbies do you have? Forbidden rituals, human sacrifices, torturing?
You know that scissor hand to eye pose artist do, the one that puts emphasis to one eye? Just to let you know who they work for.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever... or until you break it.
I could see the frame, but I couldn't see the picture.
A better question. Is it ever OK to tell the truth?
I mean, I might be sleeping, even though I'm having trouble sleeping.
Despair
Must we?
I'm just asking for some help here. (is that such a bad thing?)
Where there's hope, there's love.
If meanings are constantly in flux, it's no wonder I'm having trouble communicating.
Maybe what other people are thinking should remain a mystery?
¿Por qué me buscas y me llamas?
It's the lack of thought that counts.
It's not really repetitive. It's just familiar.
Your shallow concept, help yourself; I hope you choke and you die.
"I have often seen a cat without a grin, thought Alice, but a grin without a cat?"
Are we looking at the world or at ourselves?
I would start whining, but since I've never stopped, it puts me at a disadvantage.
I think it exists, but I can't be sure.
I keep thinking I can beat the odds, but what are the odds?
My life is filled with inaccuracies.
Do we have to convince ourselves that life is worth living?
I'm lying if I say that I don't want to be here with you baby.
I know you like the pressure 
And the way I apply it
Ask me for you song, to your ear I'll dedicate it.
The mountains that seem difficult to climb are the best because after arriving at the top the world feels like it is at our feet.
Everything in excess is never a good thing.
Finally my body's starting to give up on me.
An injured left wrist that requires time off to heal. This things only happens to me.
Was it the fact that I was away for a week or maybe the excessive abuse of hydrocodone I've had for past week.
Tonight was the weirdest day I've ever had of jiu jitsu, I was out of it completely.
It's been a week since I haven't felt anything at all.
Your style so violent 
But I got the feeling 
That you're not a girl
Easy to convince
Did you forgot? you said it yourself. Don't look at my way that I'm not for you.
I know I make you nervous every time I get close
Don't deny you have the desire
The  more you try and hide it, in your eyes I see it.
I want to spank you
Tame You 
But the trouble is that you like it     
Punish you for your bad behavior 
Punish you for your bad behavior...
I'm sure God didn't knew of your existence when he made a list of deadly sins.
me interesa saber cuanto no me quieres
What a deceit two strangers playing to love
In the dark love can't be seen
Maybe it was the glasses, the environment or that frequent excuse
The saying that life is only one
And we must live the present
Surprised in the bed of a stranger Playing to love each other
Never thought that revenge a disappointment would made her get lost
quisiera estar ahi para abrazarte y no dejarte ir nunca.
Careful, this corpse is still breathing. Try to get me there in one piece.
I hope the exit is joyful and I hope never to return.
If I ever loved a woman, the more I loved her, the more I wanted to hurt her. You were only the most obvious victim of this disgusting trait
Before you came along, I was painting murals and womanizing in peace.
It was just a fuck. I've given more affection in a handshake.
eso es lo más que me gusta sexy pero crazy                                                             I love it
I paint flowers so they will not die.
I would like to give you everything you never had, and not even then you'd know the wonder that it is to be able to love you
Feet, what do I need you for when I have wings to fly?
I leave you my portrait so that you will have my presence all the days and nights that I am away from you.
Take a lover who looks at you like maybe you are a bourbon biscuit.
I drink to drown my sorrows, but the bastards learned how to swim, and now I am overwhelmed by this decent and good feeling.
I think that little by little I'll be able to solve my problems and survive.
"Pop stars used to be so dirty, what happened."
The hours in a day are not enough to eat!
My body's exhausted and wants to rest but I'm not done with my daily calorie intake.
You ever been so drunk you had to hold on to the grass so you wouldn't fall off the edge of the earth
The dentist and I have a date to get my wisdom teeth removed soon and Invisalign in a few months after. #f*ckyeah!
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
RT @whoisMGMT: "shit. i just I accidentally liked you"😱💔💨🔥💤
RT @whoisMGMT: More like Edward Snowed-in . Blow your whistles, babies! Winter is cumming
A few things have changed around here.
I'm gonna let you bleed for a little bit...
A thousand lights look at you.
Te dejo estar triste hoy, si sonries mañana.
Aprovéchate de mí, de que estoy enamorado
It's 2014 and I still have no pot to smoke, c'mon world.
@jakeburnin this things are ridiculous we used to have them quite a lot back then.
Que mas quisiera estar a tu lado pero hoy no podre.
Esta bien, no se por lo que estoy buscando. Perdido
Aceptalo sin mi no se siente igual.
Te voy a hacer loquita cuando te quite con mis labios la camisa...
Tu habla yo escucho.
pero al final todo vale la pena
Success demands three things; 1. Hard work 2. Sacrifice 3. Struggle
Ouch! That was a nasty injury for Anderson.
Waiting for the new album la esencia of Alexis y Fido. I've quoted their songs like no other, that's how much I like them.
Trrraaaa tra 
Trrraaaa tra  
Tranquila
I can count with both hands the amount of tweets that actually belong to me. "" quoting . #konspiracist #paranoidfck
Hey ven acá 
y no pierdas el tiempo 
aprovecha el momento y tranquila.
Tranquila  - J Balvin. My favorite song at the moment uff!
RT @VICE: Inside the Japanese Love Industry http://t.co/byV6jUi0YD http://t.co/AuJOQHOwXQ
I know why Santa is so jolly, is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
I got a phone and a new number finalmente!
Even when you seem quiet I'm able to hear you.
Exhausted but accomplished knowing that I'm another day stronger.
Tengo lo que necesitas y mas.
Uff! este libro de David Icke 'Children of the Matrix' me tiene aferrado a el.
La seducción es su religión
"At my table will eat only
Those who starved with me."
I am strong as tequila 
I am also brave as liquor
I am a decent man who exports flowers.
Tu y yo ya no tenemos nada en comun
The day I was born the star died
 I came to this world to the most beautiful land.
Been visiting subway stores for the last four months without fail. I just hope that guy from the commercials wasn't a paid actor.
I'm starting a worldwide generation cryo just for the purpose of seeing how many of my kids will search for me.
"you're putting suck energy out there  and you complain you're getting it back" - Joe Rogan dropping that knowledge.
Remember, remember, the 4th of December.
Back to the underground world of twitter
@zmr182 @sublinkk @abudzl haha! oh man I remeber that, you've come a long way since them I'm so proud of you mate.
Reality is setting in and fast the gap keeps getting farther and farther.
I want a tattoo for my birthday but I lack imagination so I probably won't by pure impulse.
Mañana es mi cumpleaños 21 JODER!
There's someone who's dying for you. I'll give you a hint, he looks like me.
I'm a loaded gun
I met Thiago, Louis, developed my game even further, and earned my first stripe. Today definitely was a successful day.
Ready for the seminar al cien
I know it's just rollin', but I got my first official rollin' submission today. I'm super excited!
Iliza, dude with one leg , deathsquad best story!
I might be moving to ec w/ @sublinkk and @zmr182 this summer? Who knows.
Thank god for seat belts.
That adrenaline rush from a song while in a car that makes you want to jump in the middle of the highway 'cause you feel invinsible. Anyone?
I need to figure out how someone like me can get dental insurance 'cause I'm getting braces one way or another FCK!
Excited to attend my first jiu-jitsu seminar this saturday and learn from the black belts.
Amar es Combatir
I'm promising myself right now that in five months or less I will weight 140 lbs.
Can't remember the last time I felt complete, teared muscle, and injured elbows?. Getting big until my body gives up on me.
She's a camouflage
Uses her disguise
To hide what in really
They don't know about her
She's a camouflage
She doesn'g care at all
Obtains what she wants
Being the most beautiful
I can't remember the last time my lips touched a cigarette or alcohol, and I don't feel bad. am I okay? # discipline&amp; dedication
"Zombies thrive in popular culture during times of recession, epidemic and general unhappiness."
I'm going to be giant and nobody's going to lay a finger or we'll make 30 wars.
I'm the most selfish when it comes to my goal. I turn my back, nothing else exist.  #noentiendo #¿porque?
Burned my fingers while cooking for the first time but you have to start somewhere. #husbandtodieformaterial
Sigo tranquilo chillindrina
@zmr182 no te preocupes estoy aqui para ayudarte. Entregame todas las drogas que tengas.
@zmr182 a que bien, no tengo tolerancia so no requiero de mucho
@zmr182 comparte no?
Amor mío, 
if I'm under the sway of your legs,
If I'm sunken in a swinging of hips
This is heaven, my heaven
I'm the biggest loser
How can my element be fire?
I'm secretly a wizard
De regreso a entrenar como siempre
I'm always closer than you think
Let me astral travel to your dream universe.
Cuando hablas español provocas cierta sensación dentro de mí que no puedo explicar.
Te has convertido en mi debilidad
Don't you remember? 
I am from December.
You're killing me babe in a very sexy way
Dear devil:
may I have my soul back
Sincerely: me
That was intense, injured my thumb still and a split lip.
Time to clear my mind for a couple of hours with some bjj.
Your fading memories are now my new drug addiction, where I keep chasing for that long gone thrill.
Feliz dia de los muertos (:
Shiver
&amp; her short skirt so everyone can see her.
Yo solo quiero darte un beso
That girl is made exactly how the doctor prescribed it to me.
When your world crumbles, come to mine.
"My heart hasn't been able to forget those sad dreamy eyes that I loved."
Maybe I'm all messed up in you...
If you're wondering how I'm doing, I've never felt better.
you have it all to lift your ego  to the sky
but you still so simple
for that smile you don't occupy tickles.
Spend a whole life longing for something wonderful to happen, and the only wonderful thing that happened, was life.
"I'll bite your lips, though I know better than this. This is a death I can't resist."
Don't misunderstand my call, I want to know what you are doing to forget me.
I like your beautiful body that it compliments with your feelings.
There is a perfect fusion in you 
Between your anatomy and your heart.
The green eyes on girls will be the cause of my downfall.
Espero que hoy sea como ayer.
@zmr182 you fuckers!
Él moriría por tu amor pero tu amor es sólo mío.
Mi amor sana.
Deja Ver Deja Ver Baby Let Me See
Dejame Sentir Ponla
You have carved your mind in mine, like a sword in the rock.
@sublinkk no I wish, it was something different
Heart full of napalm
It feels good to use a phone again
Without you knowing I carry your name, 'here on my mouth prisoner
if the nostalgia overcomes me I free it
with an I love you
Your eyes reflect the pain And your soul the love.
You chained me to your skirt, 
&amp; taught my soul to depend on you, 
Tied my skin to your skin,
&amp; your mouth to my mouth.
A love like mine can not be drown like a stone in a river
&amp; it can not be burn 'cause it's made of Fire.
Prefiero el odio antes que el extrañarte.
@yomestizo that's a sin
Back to the routine
I'm that poem the poet never wrote.
"stop working for the man, start living in a van"
@yomestizo @lapsefromgrace3 Vale
@zmr182 @jlowe263 @yomestizo what?!! Reeds doing psychedelics again? He said he was staying away from them.
@yomestizo @lapsefromgrace3 oye ya sabes visitame cabron!
@lapsefromgrace3 @yomestizo anytime
"Selfish love
Love me, cause I love you
This is my way of love.
Cheers to this egoistic night."
I want to spank you, tame you
But the bad thing is that you like it
Punish you for your bad behavior
Nobody's hero
@zmr182 Desde luego! Siempre estoy dispuesto a hablar español con un amigo.
"In a way that can read our planet's face- 
In this life there's a lot time can't erase"
"we are the world's humorous cells- 
Let's keep it laughing to save ourselves"
Never thought I would get this exited for a pair of handwraps.
My body is screaming for a much needed rest to recover.
Walking slow admiring everything 'cause nothing is eternal.
Te leo como si fueras mi libro favorito.
Wishing I was lovesick just so I can be all poetic but I don't seem to have a reason to be ):
Lo Que Tengo Tu Medicina Un Poco De Hierro E Vitamina.
Supongo que tu corazon nunca pertenecio a mi.
Oh the sound of the train how soothing is to me and annoying to the rest.
Never ending hunger.
Everything only existed inside my head.
Piel sin piel
de un beso a beso que no hicimos.
I'm the worst at being flexible damn.
Ouch! I'm in so much physical pain right now, that I can't even stand on my left leg.
No se que me pasa hoy pero no estoy inspirado.
LOVE, DEATH, FORGET, 
BREATHE, WISH, ONE KISS
I'm not made out of stone
&amp; now my dream continues, 
So real
Hear the clock strike
12
Also I can't concentrate on my next technique and that's bad 'cause she's trying to choke the fuck out of me.
Should I be bother while "rolling" with a girl when she mounts me? I can't help but feel naughty. #dabjjprobs?
To my neighbor with the unlocked wifi signal, you're a life saver mate.
Duncan Trussell and adventure time together is god reminding me of his existence.
Me dicen MacGyver.. 
por que soy frío como un iceberg
The description of a perfect kiss is somewhat like a dementors kiss you know? consuming the soul out of your body with a single kiss.
I don't go back not even to get momentum.
De aqui hasta la cima
After a long wait my work permit card arrived yesterday and I'm exited!!!
Okay now let's get serious, this has kept mortifying me and I can't handle it no more... I've decided to marry Shakiras voice.
"and darling, darling
stand by me
oohh stand junto a mi junto a mi"
They all sound the same to me.
Do you have any idea of the quantity of words I googled followed by "definition" just to get the right word/spelling?
@zmr182 Thanks man I appreciate you, but it's all you though it's all you.
This bad boy is all sewed up. http://t.co/YGuiESugYs
Right now blessing my room with nothing more than a ecig and some incense
I missed the new ancient aliens #f**kme
Once this patch is sewed it's going to  look killer in my gi.
I still don't have a bed though
Moving today was exhausting and I just wanna crash.
One Step Forward, Two Steps Back.
Today was a success
Here we go again
Finally I get to wear a gi (:
"I'm not saying I am batman, I am just saying no one has ever seen me and batman in the same room together"
To love is to die
My english is not as good as I thought. I keep missing many opportunities ):
A huge weight just lifted off my shoulders.
I learned not to insist when the doors close on me and to fear no man on the surface of this earth.
No hay que ser muy listo
Para darse cuenta que...
Finally my gi will get here soon, I'm tired on being the only person who doesn't wear one.
And here we go, another day 'cause I really care.
I have one heart and it doesn't seem to be located in the upper half of my torso.
What do you do when you feel helpless?
I have few vicious cycles and the ones that go where like this one aren't my favorites
I don't know if tomorrow we'll be together, if the world ends I don't know if I'm for you, if you're for me, if we get to love or hate
Another successful day, this time my hip bones are really killing me
"why think and assume, do not ask things that I dont know... I do not know where we'll stop, that only our skin will tell"
Why swear and promise something that is not in our power I do not know what is eternal, don't ask me something that belongs to time
I do not know if you do not know if I,    We will remain as today Not if after dawn, we will feel the same thirst
Keeping my self occupied has helped forget the pain I feel further inside me.
My repertory keeps getting getting broader,badder, and better
I think I might need some new hip bones and a left knee replacement
I carry each bruise like if it were a badge
Training with upper class men it's a nice way to develop my abilities even further, but it gets me beat up every time.
Beat up, bruised, and sore but motivated.
Nothing can stop the man who has the correct mental attitude to reach his goal
I don't see nothing but my goal. I got tunnel vision
I feel on top of the world but I'm just at the bottom of the mountain
Official first day as part of the team was a success
I have a story written on a necklace that I keep close to my heart
There's a lot I want to learn from you
Me encanta la manera en que te Desenredas con tus sentimientos y emociones. Algo que no se hacer
In most cases my mind is my worst enemy
Damn he's a lucky man
Canelo v. Mayweather and Garcia v. Matthysse today uff!
I'm so drained but really exited. Tonights training really kicked my ass
Quitting was never an option
I can't wait for  my third date with training. Excited to not be a newbie too.
Y sabes a que hora encontrarme, should I feel flattered or scared?
Don't get tired now this is only beginning.
My body is sore all around, it could use a little love
I walk slowly , that everything amazes me.  After this date, I'll learn your name.
Aaahhhh Kill me now!
México v U.S uff I don't know who to cheer for right now
Wish me luck. Here I come
I always knew the best curve of your body was your smile, so why are denying to me now
De camino a comprar un mouthguard
Really exited for tomorrow, to test what I'm made of.
I can't trust you
Exhausted but happy
Volleyball with the familia.
RT @fuckfacegracee: because you're even in my dreams.
Sufrimos porque queremos
Mi mente te llama y tu no contestas.
Ancioso para el 14 septiembre. The one
Amorosamente beso tu retrato.
What I dislike about tweeting or texting is the fact that I can't read your emotions or hear your voice which is what I love.
"i don't care if I fall as long as someone else picks up my gun and keeps shooting"
"Some people have the power to ease your soul abd make you so perfectly happy"
Lets be light and not shadows, give me your hand and not your back. Keep walking, don't stop. construct, instead of destroying.
En mi mejor momento ya yo estaba muerto por dentro.
Someone teach me how to dance bachata, for real it's so sensual.
Me torturas y no se si esta mal.
"Que de su cuerpo yo seria el dueño 
Y que toda la noche 
Bien rico quiere hacerlo"
Your cheesecake has arrived
Mama, break the diet.
"Ella me jalo aparte y me confeso, que conocerme a mi era su sueño"
"Terence Jesus Christ McKenna"
RT @erowid: "It is called teonancatl. He who takes many of them sees things which make him afraid or make him laugh." Nahuatl quote about m…
Although thousands are anxious for stopping all my plans... Who will close the door that God opens.
I can't turn my back on you... when you walk away.
You wear a "v" for victim to hide the truth.
Do you know... I know your deception?
As precious as it is, I've waited for this day...
You knew I was trouble...
Buried in you...
Baby, the stars shine brightly...
... Swear you'll be the change and make it RESONATE...
When your in pieces, just follow the echo of my voice...
If I don't think... Then I won't feel...
Razorblade kiss...
There's nothin' in my dreams, just some ugly memories.
Whiskey princess... Drink me under, pull me in...
Wake me when it's over...
Cigarrette stains on his soul...
To die is to live in her head...
Nothing seems to please me...
It's pretty warm today... I'm enjoying it.
My mind can be a dangerous place...
Less concerned... About fitting into the world.
The night's long, life's short.
por la noche te acuestas con migo y por las mañanas me despierta tu ser. ¿cuando fue que nos equivocamos?
¿Otra vez cruzas mis sueños? ya veo que te encanta estar ahi.
Sonrie hazle saber a todos que hoy eres más fuerte que ayer. Buenos Dias.
Me llevaba muy bien con alguien y ahora somos dos extraños...
Ella me dice que anda sola y soltera, que no rinde cuento y que no tiene quien la atienda.
Yo me le pego a lo sato sin conocerla es que su cuerpo me llama la atencion.
No te jusgo y creeme que entiendo, y yo no odio por que en mi corazon no hay lugar para eso.
Ella es mi nena y yo su baby me tiene loco loco loco bien crazy.
si me vieras con los ojos que te veo
Fueras mi Julieta y yo por siempre tu Romero.
Me gustaria estar ahi solo para verte sonreir una vez mas.
Tienes dos opciones tirar la toalla y renunciar... o usarla para secar el sudor de tu frente y seguir adelante. Buenos Dias!
Mil emociones me dominan cada ves que te veo
Te veo cerca y a la misma ves te siento tan lejos
Si tu sintieras lo mismo que yo
Estuvieras aqui conmigo
Fueras mi novia y yo tu principe
Ser mas alla que un amigo
Como mi invento arte de magia 
Como logro que me ames mucho más.
"legend says, when you can't sleep at night it's because you're awake in someone else's dream."
El destino me jugo una broma.
Mentiria si digo que me siento bien.
If it's not spicy, it doesn't have a flavor (:
Como una illusion puede influenciarme demasiado.
Lo unico imposible es aquello que no intentas. Buenos Dias
Tu, yo. Nuestra bipolaridad, piensalo.
Este es un libro virtual donde el antagonista soy yo, y no me lo puedo tomar enserio.
averigua quien tiene el sabor.
Sigo estando convencido no tenia tantos amigos como yo lo imaginaba.
I like my women how I like my wines... Red and full of alcohol. #gingerchicks
Por que no conosco a mas jente que hable español ):
Lo eh estado pensando mucho y llege a la conclucion... Un reloj es lo ultimo que necesito para completar mi vestimenta, no enserio.
Por impulsivo no solo me lastimo sino que tambien a quien me rodea.
Despuez de que se aleja la tormenta hay paz. Hoy es el dia en que me alejo.
Me fascinas, apuesto que te vez hermosa cuando te pones asi.
Back to work at night.  Soy una #gargoyle #daysleep #nightwork
@fuckfacegracee I don't get this.
Ya dímelo, sé que la pasión te sube sube
Comienza el dia hay que empezar con positive energy.
Reemplazo lo tristeza con la actitud de no me importa cuando en realidad es todo lo contrario.
Un mensaje suyo tiene el poder de hacer perfecta mi noche. Sea bueno o malo.
@whatishope Feliz cumpleaños.
Dropping some knowledge... Energy drinks and coffe don't go together. Unless you like SPEED! then by all means do it Do It! #cocaina #miamor
Why can't we go back to the good ol days man. I'm a pirate at heart, I mean I already love the booty ahhh #stupidjoke #makesense
Everywhere I've been today i've heard rihanna. I can swear by now I can quote a whole album, and I'm not sure if that's a good thing.
Barbossa tiene que ser uno de mis antagonistas favoritos.
Finalmente tengo todas las movies de los piratas del caribe. Mi vida esta completa... bueno casi.
"El Demonio de la Tinta 
La imagen del espejo que no te para de hablar"
Me siento lleno de energia hoy que loco.
Si te e lastimado me arrepiento, lo ultimo que quiero hacer es lastimarte.
RT @EloyOfficial: Un dia despertarás y descubrirás que no tienes mas tiempo para hacer lo que soñabas. El momento es AHORA ! Buenos Dias ✌
If I could offer the possibility of being rich or love, which one would you choose?
RT @EloyOfficial: Tamo activo twitter !!!
I look at you and can't help but wonder, what was it that you did to me in order for me to like you this much.
I wonder what being a dad would feel like. Drink scotch while we chat and refer to someone has son. Mostly I wonder about drinking scotch.
@sublinkk its over?
"In the fight against hate; love is my weapon."
RT @madflavor: Its Tuesday smile at someone at make their day......
@sublinkk happy birthday man
Amarte como te amo es complicado 
Pensar como te pienso es un pecado 
Mirar como te miro está prohibido 
Tocarte como quiero es un delito
Hieroglyphics from a notebook that only I understand.
Wooo! I'm ready to get my biometrics taken   #miltown
Today I transported to the golden age where it was so common be serenaded
Yo sólo quiero darte un beso 
Y regalarte mis mañanas 
Cantar para calmar tus miedos
RT @erowid: The most common drugs available on Silk Road in late 2012 were #psychedelics 2C-x followed by NBOMe family. http://t.co/5qEXxAj…
Ya no sé qué hacer 
Para que estés bien 
Si apagar el sol 
para encender tu amanecer
Falar en portugués 
Aprender a hablar francés 
O bajar la luna hasta tus pies
Un beso es lo mejor y si es de ti, mucho mejor. #quesimple #soy
OK now he was close, tried to domesticate you
But you're an animal, baby, it's in your nature
Just let me liberate you
El unico perdedor soy yo.
@abudzl Feliz cumpleaños numero 18 motherfucker.
Asta tu nombre lo olvidé y es lo que hay.
Love Machine ready subeme la music ,pa' que tomes el control y de mi...
No me importa que usted sea mayor que yo
Hoy la quiero en mi cama
Y no malinterprete mi intención
Nuevo corte de cabello y me siento como un millon de dolares.
Labios compartidos, labios divididos, mi amor,
Yo no puedo compartir tus labios.
Saca la cámara
Un par de fotos
La sube al facebook
Y a toditos vuelve locos
RT @erowid: "..live a life of honor &amp; respect for nature &amp; the rest of life. In this way harmony &amp; health can return to the planet again…" …
La combi de tu piel, cintura y pelo 
Me dio un tiro certero
RT @wikileaks: #Snowden: "I don’t want to live in a world where every expression of creativity or love or friendship is recorded." - do you?
Te perdiste mi amor and you don’t now,
dejaste mi cama llorando.
By the way how old its too old to get them?
I regret not getting braces when I had the chance.
Enseñame Lo Que Sabe 
De Una Vez 
Sin Dudas
Enseñame Lo Que Da 
Pa` Talvez Seducirle De Los Pies A La Cabeza
Ella me enseña lo que quiere 
Y a ti lo que le conviene
De tu boca el capitán.
For all your problems I got the answer.
Camino de rosas, para quien lo sabe.
Camino de espinas pa' el que llega tarde.
Camino despacio, que todo me asombre.
Después de esta cita, me aprendo tu nombre.
Yo sediento y mis pensamientos 
Se bloquean por lo que estoy viendo
Ay amor... 
Yo creo en el amor...
esto no puede ser mas perfecto
voy a poner empeño
de ese corazon quiero ser dueño
Estoy decidido a hacerte mia.
Esta noche la luna sale y me siento mejor que nunca.
Que dia tan soleado
Quiero tocar tu cuerpo
Como a dos millas por horaa,
Si alo lento.
Mee gustaas tu...
Y nisiquiera te conosco,
Con tal solo mirarte al rostro...
"I'd like a woman with big tits."
Ella existió solo en un sueño
El es un poema que el poeta nunca escribió.
Through sin and self destruction
I already forgot your name
But a name's just a string of letters, put together, so clever.
El respaldo de dios y el amor de una familia.
Esto me hace muy feliz, I could get used to this.
I prefer you hating me for who I am than liking me for who i'm not. #DY
Te regalo una cara de malo pa' que me mires y te inspires.
#Twitition Verficacion cuenta en twitter de Eloy ! http://t.co/ykyqjIG57F
I went out in the rain suddenly everything changed
Yo quiero azotarte domarte  
Pero lo malo que te gusta 
Castigarte por tu mala conducta
Para mi es sólo atracción 
Para ti más que una ilusión
Para mi es seducción 
Para ti conlleva un gran amor #camuflaje
Ella se derrite como en tu paladar el chocolate
Es problematica
Un poco maniatica
Lo bueno toma tiempo.
No voy a terminar hasta que los ojos vires,
asi es que huele el sexo, chamaquitas respire.
Long leather wings,
Rose from the streets,
With the hands on destiny,
Instagram? I stopped doing instagrams in the 80s. #youmotherfucker
cursed for some and blessed for a few
It doesn't have to make any sense at all.
No sabía que tenías malas intenciones 
No sabía cuál era tu propósito.
A tempting look for me to turn on and dominate
You're mine an expert told me so
Dreams become reality and that's the problem
He's a stranger to some and a vision to none
He can never get enough, get enough of the one
On a mountain he sits, not of gold, but of sin
With the innocent on his face is a map of the world
A map of the world, on his face is a map of the world
A map of the world
Voy Tomando El Control
Tocandote Yo…
Teniendote Yo…
Olvidando Que… 
Hay Gente Alrededor 
Sientiendo El Calor
Voy Dominando Tus Sentidos
Siento El Ritmo De Tus Latidos
Voy Removiendote El Vestido 
Lento Sin Hacerlo Deprisa
Voy Tomando El Control
We were part of the same story, we were in the same high school ... I've always been a screw up and you the honor roll
We share the same desire, share the same sky, share the same time, and the same place.
@zmr182 hell yeah powerful zack reed! I'll see you in a few months for sure.
Cuéntale que beso mejor que él
Que quizás fue la noche la que te traicionó 
Fue el perfume de mi piel lo que te cautivó
Yo Soy El Más Malo
De Los Buenos
Y El Mas Bueno
De Los Malos
Soy un adicto de las mujeres en todas sus facetas me gustan asi con las nalgas grandes y con tetas hechas.
Amores como el mio pocos ahi
Bartender ve sacando el otro round
que aquí llego el nene
pa’ que no se me pongan down
Le encanta mi voz
pa’ mi nena una rose
Y se pasa delirando por mi es obvio 
No me quiere pa novio
I should stop with the energy drinks.My heart is racing at 300mph. Those fuckers are coming back to haunt me!!
Mi instagram a estado muy abandonado. ¿Que triste no?
Con ese traje corto, yo no me comporto 
es que tu tienes algo mami que me gusta a mí
Las gatas me adoran , sin yo darle alas
Fácil gano cómodo, aunque me tiren la mala
Yo se que tu 'tas loca porque yo te coma
Dulce aroma, masticable como goma
Fuck You!
RT @fuckfacegracee: "I don't want to share you, at all."  &lt;3.
Es que a mi me encanta tu sex appeal, seduccion y sudor, me gusta cuando sonrie.
You wanna bite the pillow or wake up with it on your face?  Either you take it prison style or princess style. #word
I can't help but fantasize like a kid. but like one, everything I touch I destroy.
While I'm off chasing my own dreams 
sailing around the world 
Please know that I'm yours to keep
My beautiful girl
In this crazy world of choices I've only got a few
Either you're coming with me, or I'm coming with you
mai decía José van a hacerte un exorcismo
pero yo seguí por un lado un poco mas misterioso
soñaba con un revolver y un abrigo en piel de oso
A los 11 años me cayo un rayo en la cabeza
desde ese día siento que crecí con la destreza #coscu #lanueveylafory
Tu sabes que naciste pa' mí
Tu eres mi gusto mi flow
Tengo la capacidad                               Sin que me hables a entenderte
Yo sé lo que traes en tu mente
Que estás loca por tenerme...
Conozco tu debilidad
Como haces para envolverte
Si no es hoy, mañana tal vez
Pero algún día voy a tenerte.
No lo niego, muero por dentro al saber que no soy yo quien vas a amar.
Como dice Fido mami esa es la actitud.
tus ojos no mienten porque me deseas 
lo se por como me hablas
Que solo por un beso
Se puede enamorar
Un beso significa amistad, sexo y amor
En cualquier parte del mundo
No importa la religion
I'm serious, I want an isolation tank now.
El tiempo y la distancia son mis enemigos.
Desde que te vi
Me fui tras de ti
Disimulas pero se que andas en busca de mi
Me gusta como caminas, la forma en que me mira
Pa que te enamores inventare un millon de rimas
"I am not a drug addict seeking escape from reality. I am an explorer of consciousness challenging consensus reality."
Te haces la dificil,
No eres na de facil,
Tu nivel intelectual,
Te hace ver mas sensual.
Dale
Que el humo le llegue a la cabeza
y que lo combine con cerveza.
Me fascina el saber que tú me quieres y deseas.
Little brunette real beautiful &amp; her hair by her hips.
Trepate encima, haz lo que sea, yo te deseo y tu me deseas ponte agresiva para que veas.                              #MañanaEsTarde
Support today #CISPAblackout
Quiero que de mi te envicies
Porque de tu cuerpo tengo fiebre...
Money is necessary but not indespensable for my happiness
