hyperpismo69
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055735197/7e111e60316f2646ce2e98b3a58d2fa2_400x400.jpeg
So I'm just going to say I HATE MY JOB !!!!
Some people need to remember the old saying if you don't have anything nice to say don't say anything at all. I don't care who you are i ...
ng like that to me again I'm going to make sure you don't say anything to anyone for a very long time.
Well that escalated quickly ......
I swear if one more person asks me if I'm okay...... Ugh I'm just coughing I'm not going to die ....!!!!!
So sleepy  :-P !!!
Someone at my work said I look kind of like @MillaJovovich lol I wish only in my dreams but the compliment made my week  :-)
@shmellerz cool well then we can hang sometime next week  :-)
@shmellerz family drama would you like to maybe have,a girls day next week ???
I really can't do this anymore  :'( !!!
#badhairday !!!!,
@kira_assad omg you don't know  :-P
Dear friend..... I have such a crush on you only wish I could tell you .... Maybe one day ... #stillnotovermycrush &lt;3
#killmenow   :-P
Omg horrible nightmare !!!! #ican'tsleep!!  :-(
http://t.co/3UVonplO2m
#ouch !
The conjuring is so scary  :-(  #reallyfuckingscared!!!!
Wow it's so slow tonight !!!! #noonewantsteatonight!!!!
So it's official I have only gotten 5 hours of sleep in the past 72 hours but I'm still going strong !!!
Every time I think I don't like you anymore I remember your smile ! #goddamnit!!!!
Dear sleep .... I miss you so much !!!!! always yours Jessica  :-)
According to my little brother eminems new song is liquid rainbows for the ears !! #lovemylilbros!!!! http://t.co/5aibIE2HxX
Happy late bday to my little brother !!! http://t.co/OKaNrv4lvr
Omg being a full time student plus 2 jobs plus 2 internships is way harder then I thought it would be !!!!
# bieberlove@theJAKhouse http://t.co/odlslbbkaq
http://t.co/ItpyckqgQX
Lol only at a ASU Walmart http://t.co/3BYx4c5T5L
The ultimate form of birth control seeing a Disney movie on a Saturday !!!!
http://t.co/jKVftiky11
It's going to be a call of duty and golden girls kind of day !!! &lt;3
@DezmondV your coming down Sunday  :-) &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 xoxo
So after four days of go go go it's finally time for a rest thank goodness !!!!
Beautiful day outside !!!,
Thank god for cheesy Asian action movies !!!!  :-)
14 and driving  :-P!!!! http://t.co/9dr4teLWDE
Life !!!
The world should watch out because I'm in a really bad mood !!!! &gt;:(
It has been a very good night !!!!!! &lt;3 http://t.co/CWrLhg33Y0
My life should not be this stressful !!!!
Shopping with the best Mom ever !!!!! http://t.co/rlr2irVRix
So I really hate couples who always post about their undying love honesty it gets really old !!! #jellobecauseimgoingtodieanoldpuglady!
No joke I literally almost got hit by a truck !!!!  :O #gladtobealive
http://t.co/BSQxb3IynO
It's so cute watching the freshman walk around with their parents !
@shmellerz thanks I can't wait for tomorrow !!!!!  :-)
Pokemon nails &lt;3! http://t.co/rNnHzJD5sb
Cute Starbucks guy always brightens my day !!!! #summertimesingle!
It's really sad the 6:45 am is my version of sleeping in lol ! Well it's Tai Chi time anyway :-)
1st day off training and I'm kind of nervous !
I'm at work and tweeting I'm such a badass.!!!!  ;-)
Eww I don't know what's more disturbing this picture or the fact that Obama is now in intouch weekly !!  :-( http://t.co/EB1w4eY9mc
@shmellerz ahh thanks girl you made my week  :-) !!!! Btw we should hang soon I know that we are going to the concert but before that !
If 0 is the new 2 and 2 is the new 4 what does that make 4 ? #noteatingthisweek  :'(
Work, kickboxing, and cake baking !
The truth is I'm still hurt because of you !  :'(
http://t.co/DzshhqsStc
Just when I think you sickened me to the lowest level you go down even lower  :-P ewww !!!!!!!
Getting my hair done :-)  !!!
@shmellerz well I hope you get better soon  :-) !!
@shmellerz thanks and I'm glad to hear you don't have mono but do they know what it might be .
@shmellerz it's complicated family drama thanks for asking though !
To be completely honest I really hate a person in my life right now and can't wait till I can kick him out of it !!! #Fu%kinghateyou
@ms_caterinaa well I disagree I think your beautiful on the inside and gorgeous on the outside !!!! &lt;3
@ms_caterinaa that's a lot of people because cat your beautiful !!!! &lt;3
So I guess I'm a bad hugger this was like the 5th person to tell that . I wounder if asu offers hugging 101 lol
http://t.co/18Eh5IeEfm
Sleepy !
That yoga trip was just what needed especially with work being so busy :-) not like I can complain tea infusion is the best job ever !
Wow living on campus during the summer is really boring !!!!!!!
&lt;3! http://t.co/GPTeCllUpi
Loving my new job !!!
Summer garage cleaning !
The only person you can ever really count on is yourself it's sad but the truth !
Rocking killer heels with Kira !!!! http://t.co/D3XeHvSGXO
So I'm really sick of these night terrors !!!
I made my mom an early mothers day gift !!!! http://t.co/DQciaLVv5g
So I'm going to attempt to make my own boba tea hopefully it turns out okay !
Omg that person who was so post to be different didn't really change !!! Shocker !!!
http://t.co/glfrd67LVD
Okay so shopping did not make me feel better so tomorrow I'm buying a new pet I really hope that helps  :'(
Drowning my sorrow with shopping so far it's not working ! http://t.co/KkbZ0Zw8UC
http://t.co/Ey99beZlqz
@shmellerz thanks
http://t.co/cKr09ZGTcA
@shmellerz thank you I just don't understand y he would let this happen how could this all be part of a bigger plan &gt;:'(
@shmellerz no I lost  someone who ment alot to me
I have lost so much this semester but nothing comes close to losing you it's not fair you were to young to die I am so sorry 4 everything
http://t.co/4dosdauUqV
Can't sleep !
Amazing A mountain run this morning and thank the lord it's my last lab day of  this semester !!!!. :-)
@JimSharpe happy show anniversary!!! I love your show and listen everyday before class&lt;3  :-)
@DezmondV oh and have fun in Cali I am so jello you get to go !!!  :-)
@DezmondV lol yah your the best and you know it but thanks for being humble ;-) thanks I would love that we can plan it next time we hangout
@DezmondV omg Yes Yes please I would love that!!!! I would really like your help since I am very out of practice and your like the best ever
@DezmondV I know it was really great I miss guard ! I think I'm going to order a flag  today and start practicing again this summer  :-) !
Mmmmm....... Random color guard dream !
Murder she wrote is one of the best TV shows ever made!!!!!!!
Thank god the semester is almost over I am kind of going to miss living at Vista but it will be cool to have my own house next year #NoRules
Yoga + Krav Maga + girls movie night = happiness  :-) &lt;3 !
Lol http://t.co/IL0kf5C7d0
Yah I love the smell of Starbucks and the light rail in the morning !!!!  ;-)
It's official lee byung hun is my new favorite actor !!! &lt;3!
Went on the computer to do homework ended up watching YouTube videos instead !
So I am in the elevator and this super cute guy gets in So I try to get my flirt on and end up spilling my very hot tea on him #epicfail
http://t.co/0p35ENLzEx
@Starbucks  I'm a fan!!!! http://t.co/FF2saaNDM6
Only in North Scottsdale do you have a guy In a lamborghini offer to give you a ride home lol btw I said no thank you #strangerdanger
Kinda wish I had someone I could talk to  :'( !
حذف اثنين من اللاعبين فقط كان لي على سحق هذا العام الذي لم يحبني #movingon!
How come I am single when their are so many cute boys at asu !!!! #sadness
I really love dupstep !!!!! &lt;3
Just finished watching evil dead for the first time all I have to say is wow !!!! But @GroovyBruce was amazing like always #IheartSam :-)!!!
Amazing run up A mountain the weather is perfect ! plus it's so peaceful at the MU on Saturday mornings  :-) !
Question should you continue down a path that makes those around you happy or should you go down the path that makes you happy ???
So today I leaned that all of that Krav Maga training was not a waste of time !#selfdefense
Beautiful day to be back in Tempe !!!!  :-)
Lent is proving very hard for me today !!! I think I may die how many days till Easter again  ;-)
Just trying to make sense of all these challenges in my life, I really don't understand why these kind of things keep happening  :'( !
Krav Maga binging on celery and horror slasher flicks !!!!!
The countdown to Europe begins ! only 4 days left !!!!!  :-)
@GloriaVelez story of my life right now !
Baking all night, my younger brothers lacrosse game now then his bday sushi bash tonight ! I am definitely in need of more caffeine.!
@hyperpismo69 yah just tons of drama  :'( !
So just had to watch a bunch of people  walk to the party I planned that I can no longer go too ouch !!!!!  &lt;\3
So I honestly like nicki minaj way more then lady Gaga !!!
@ms_caterinaa thanks  :-)
@ms_caterinaa it's a really long story but to sum it up someone posted a very nasty rumor about me on a website  :'(
@shmellerz thanks &lt;3 !
So I am actually not doing 2bad considering I have lost everything I had worked 4 the past 3 years on was decrowned and had my rep tarnished
Wow I almost forgot how it feels to walk in a room when everyone is talking about you !!! Yup still feels really lame !
@shmellerz thanks I will fill you in on all the drama on are next girls day !
@hyperpismo69 @shmellerz trust me it gets way worse so much drama going down for me right now  :-(
Well I guess that's what I get for throwing stones from my glass house !  :-(
Amazing morning kickboxing with my roomie and now maybe getting a puppy  :-) !
So sleepy !!!!!
I can already tell that this is going to lead to trouble ! Now the question is should I report it? Ignore it? drop the class? Mmmm choices
@DezmondV sounds fun lol  ;-)
Another amazing day at work ! &lt;3
@TaylorArmstrong I admire you so much. I think your so brave and an inspiration to those who have had domestic abuse in their lives !
http://t.co/31HEsmcN
http://t.co/jO69vWtr
My fish died  :'( !
Don't forget to rock red today to bring awareness to women with heart disease and look for Chi Os passing out red ribbons around campus &lt;3 !
today has been a good one I got to host the whole show this morning and now I am going to workout with my roomie / bestie then Chi o  :-) !
I really need to take a chill pill today I told some poor guy "I am having a fat day so you need to fu%k off "
So I got asked out  by a frat guy (lol what else is knew) he's very sweet but I would really like to date other types of guys #twittervent
I have no idea why but I am super sleepy today ! Lame well it looks like it's time for some Starbucks
So asu confessions is amazing !
Wow you know I have had a hard day when I come home and watch Jennifers body !
So I was cleaning my fishes tank and dropped him into the disposal  :-( sadness
Can't wait to get back to Arizona today ! &lt;3
http://t.co/DSmHipM8
Wow just saw honey boo boo for the first time I can't believe them and they eat so unhealthy !
Bad hair days put me in a bad mood !!!
Only the second day of classes and I am already exhausted !
Can't believe I have class tomorrow !!!! Goodbye sleep and hello medical chemistry !!!!  :-P
http://t.co/tvCpo2tQ
Airport
@eliroth and Quentin tarantion are the best directors of are time..... Well that's my opinion anyway !
Yoga !!! &lt;3
One of the best parts of my winter vacation is being able to watch Wendy !!! #I &lt;3 @WendyWilliams  :-)
My new years resolution is to move to the south of France and do what I want with my life !
Twitter vent time I really hate xmas the only thing I hate more is some of,my family members! &lt;/3
Wow I feel so sick I think I'm going to die !  :-(
http://t.co/6PIfjsAs
Close very close Romney&lt;3
@jennajameson you rock Romney 2012 &lt;3
Vote Romney 2012 !!!!! &lt;3
Dear twitter, you know what hurts when you like someone who you know you can't have and your constantly reminded of him by everyone ! Ouch
So strange that their are flowers in the apartment that are not mine
Omg I think I can't believe @HopeDworaczyk messaged me !! She's like one of my idols &lt;3 ! http://t.co/ZZRSAkLX
People can be so mean sometimes !!!
@brenettegirl83 wow that's funny your in house divided  :-)
@brenettegirl83 sorry I get way to into politics lol we should really hangout sometime  :-)
Halloween was over to fast !!!
http://t.co/3ViRFKmN
@brenettegirl83 I respectfully disagree I think they are both very intelligent accomplished women
@ChrisGorham @peopleschoice I'm voting for sure  :-)
@CovertAffairs @ChrisGorham I can't wait to watch tonights episode best show ever!!!! Also can't wait to see my mom and do some laundry  :-)
Halloween make up phase one http://t.co/RrUzgT9I
Well can't wait to bring Halloween cheer to all the children here at Phoenix childrens hospital !
Have you ever noticed when a girl thinks her man is into she becomes the pda queen #notintoyourman
@DezmondV God I just want to tell some bitchs off !!! I mean get over your self !!!
Okay so I am so over the drama wtf
So I think life is  better when your skinny just saying !!!! #wishiwasthinner
Mmmm I just hate people sometimes forno reason oh well !
我爱一个男孩谁不爱我悲伤
Had so much fun last night &lt;3 dezy and&lt;3 cat
Obamas lies make my sick !
I don't understand why people try to make relationships work when they never will
Im so fu@king done with this fu$king bullshit!! Go FU%k yourself!!!!
(Venting) I am having a horrible day !! Just had the epiphany that I hate everything about my life !!!
5 hours in lab cutting open a stomach and removing the epilthelium is my afternoon oh boy
@ms_ caterinaa I am sure that you be able to rock it out:-) :-) don't be so hard on yourself
@ms_caterinaa thats not true your pretty much epic!!! &lt;3
@shmelletz love the new hair :-) :-) are u free next Friday it's mel's bday
Pray for my mom :-)
Hello stress!!!!!!
:-)
This is a message to all the girls out their something that my lil learned last night all guys are the same
@sailormoon963 that would be amazing I might be back down their next weekend :-)
@sailormoon963 I miss u more &lt;3&lt;3 and homecoming + Halloween stuff u need to stay with us sometime?
@sailormoon963 will Facebook it 2 u it's for work so I can't say anything bad lol miss u so much
So happy that I now have 2 Twitter accounts maybe I should get another Facebook
Okay I ment shooting a gun for a news story it was part of a event to raise money I didn't going on like a shooting rampage
@Jebzar who r u?????
Aww thanks cat im on alot in the morning today I was just shooting a gun :-)
Random life update I was on fox 10 this morning and I might like a guy who does not like me back thats a 1st
Sailormoon963 sorry to here that what did he do  well I'm looking for a summer fling lol not for awhile im still going to California and ...
Sailormoon963 thanks love :-) y to much drama?
So now im in Denver :-)
Hell yes girls day with Melj and mel so much fun! !!!!!
School blah
Highschool students are so annoying!!!  God help anyone who wants to be a teacher!
Who so I broke one of my yoga students today oh no
@MillaJovovich hello milla from Arizona your the Best actress ever!!!  Please make another resident evil
@GloriaVelez that's the truth!
Sushi sushi panda
Merry Xmas Twitter world!!!!!
Rain
Kill me now high-school students please tell me I was never this idiotic when I was in high- school God I'm going to be sick
So stressed ugh can't wait to get out of the AZ and chill lol no joke intened lol
So I have not Tweed in a long time wow ran up A mountain and now I want food bad!!!!!!!!!
@shmellerz yah : ) can't wait sorry I was in class on a Sunday lame lol : )
Could someone please tell me why the hell you would have a football game on a Thursday wtf
Trying to force self to study and epicly failing o_O
I'm having one of those days blah.…………
@shmellerz yah tattoo virgins yah us : )
@shmellerz get ready to be let down then cuz it's only a temp lol sorry im not that epicly cool yet
http://plixi.com/p/57537458 
My tattoo!
Yah I was on @JimSarpe on the radio: ) so I walk back in the gym people r clapping they put kfyi on the loudspeakers everyone was listening
http://plixi.com/p/57176463
So hungry need to feed : ¤
oad this summer
I'm bored today my life just repeats it's self over and over for example today class Chi omega meeting gym homework sleep I think I'm go ...
Shmellerz had so so so much fun :-)
Can't wait for an amazing day with my girl smellerz : )
@shmellerz yah I hope it dose that would be amazing
I think it's going to rain
Gosh I love my twitter app amazing : )
@hyperpismo69  @shmellerz ment to say food and sleep
@shmellerz I feel your pain I want good and sleep lol
Blah tired blah
Just not feeling it this morning
@usweekly when are u guys going to have the new fergie / slash video?  : )
Shmellerz how is that going :-)
darn t9 : o
Happy also Halloween :-)
@Ultraviolet_Guy omg that was amazing : ) u have crazy  talent : ) I loved it
@MillaJovovich I just want u to know your my favorite actress and  ultraviolet is my favorite movie I'm going to be violet for Halloween
http://plixi.com/p/51310895
http://plixi.com/p/51310271
Going to Starbucks with my future x husband
I'm having an amazing day that I would like to thank God for he rocks
http://plixi.com/p/50565721
So I'm having a &lt;3/hate kind of day but I trust in God that everything will turn out ok :-)
@shmellerz I had so much fun and I'm twittering u on my new twitter app
@Sparkle18996 I don't eat candy
Trying to study. But super sleepy
Shmellerz so what did u guys do
Shmellerz ohhh went out with eye candy today :-) how did it go :-) :-) :-) :-)
Morning twitter world :-)
Shmellerz yah o cant wait :-) :-) :-) :-)  :-)
Going to have a good day today :-)
Time to begin my amazing week :-)
Shmellerz good luck :-)
wow its been so long since i have  been on the my twitter  lol i missed u :)
Shmellerz which cheesy movie is it
People anger me
Not even gonna lie I'm a lil stressed out today
Shmellerz hell yes it is I got her shred dvd omg dose she bring the pain: (
Shmellerz lol I know the feeling were do u workout?
Ok u know what bugs me people who smell like weed its repulsive and yes people it kills brain cells I think its the worst smell in the world
Sailormoon963 sure what time works for u :-)
Sailormoon963 Friday
Not gonna lie kind of stressed out lol
Amazing day :-)
Love the drama today it's very entertaining :-)  lol :-)
Don
Shmellerz hell yes we do :-)  oh u guys heating up
Shmellerz I have not seen u with brown hair in a long time u should so do that :-)
shmellerz u look good in any color so its hard to choose how about blonde :-)
Lol don't want to sound like a total Narcissus but I'm feeling sexi today boys look out :-)
Another amazing day
Shmellerz ahh thanks I cant wait :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
I'm so pissed y does everyone want to compet with me all the fu@%ing time get your on life and dreams
Broadcasting
Then off to help perennials pack moving is so fun lol
Shopping today long over do :-)
Sailormoon963 u have a good amazing day 2 and look for some hotties to k :-)  we will hang soon
Another day work school and then play lol :-)
So it's funny to get up this early and see the walks of same but to the dooms of people who were partying a lil to hard
Sailormoon963 yah that's probably it not even kidding we learned about it in nutrition class
Sailormoon963 everything okay
Their is so much traffic down in asu today I hope that I'm not late for class
1st day of school yah :-)  cant wait
Sailormoon963 yah I went their today :-) :-) were u at Scottsdale fashion square today 2
So for work today I have to help freshman younglings find their way around campus:-)  should be fun :-)
Deep breath. ...... I need to find my zen spot today way to stressed
Morning world going to work yah :-)
Stressing a little bit but one of my favorite classic rock songs came on so im chilling out a bit
Had a super busy day today and tons of drama :-)  hey but that's life
Shmellerz I'm so jello lol :-) :-)  kk u will need to fill me in !!
Shmellerz I know have fun in Cali meet lots of boys kk:-)
Shmellerz I cant wait its about time they made a movie like this :-)
Finally home hate the er just want to sleep
Another day
Pissed at life how come sometimes good things happen to bad people and bad things happen to good people
Sailormoon963 I know I need some hang time bad I'm already in Tempe but I will be back next week or we could meet at sf mall
Having a very bad day :' (
Busy busy busy :-)
Shmellerz yah for sure :-) and we should see salt or Scott pillgerum against the world or whatever u want :-)
Shmellerz lol u have the funniest tweets :-)
Sailormoon963 the problem is that it messes with people's heart rate which is dangerous when it's already elevated form workingout
Sailormoon963 yah it's really bad for u
Sailormoon963 kk cant wait :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
sailormoon963 Wow what a deal :-) I might have come late cuz my test
Sailormoon963 my mom says hello :-)
Sailormoon963 yah I will have to make sure I don't have a test day but that would be fun :-)
Sailormoon963 sorry my phones acting up yah we need to hang soon :-)
Bethenny: Ha!lol.no shot!I know my tweeps.RT @Bklyntravel: @Bethenny&that human being sitting next to u, happens to be a fan&following y ...
Sailormoon963 we will have to hangout soon :-)
On my way home
good morning tweet world
So I'm to stressed their for im going on a yoga retreat and not taking my cell see 3 days form now tweet world
So I have not watched the hills since 07 and I have to say Spenser has lost I mean for real hes crazy
sailormoon963 yah hes fine thanks for asking
Sailormoon963 no way :-) :-)  I have to get it so my dad fell when we were rock climbing 2 day
Well going off to surf :-)
Shmellerz that's so cool can't wait to see it
Shmellerz ohh what kind of phone?
http://tweetphoto.com/31031912 @MillaJovovich Your do beautiful and amazing ultraviolet and resident evil are my favorite movies ever : )
Shmellerz lol dang well u should still leave your number on a napkin or the tip like write it on a five :-) :-) :-)
Shmellerz you should say your going to the restroom but really walk up grab his butt and say hey baby :-)
Rock climbing and cave touring :-) :-)
Happy 4th of July everyone:-)
Sailormoon963 I hope that you have an amazing 4th of July weekend 2 :-)
So burn aww
At the beach getting tan which I need lol :-)
Well off to California :-)  very last minute but that's life
At the new movie go team Jacob :-) :-) :-) :-)
Josh from Holly's world is so adorable :-)
Heading home to Arizona poo I will miss California. Happy take your dog to work day
Shmellerz sounds like it rocks but u always rock every hair color and style
Shmellerz what color are u dying your hair :-)
Sailormoon963 so I think I set it to private but I'm not sure is their anyway u could check
WTF my little brother read my Facebook and busted me with my parents about my extra activitys
Day at the beach with the family :-) :-) :-) :-)
Shmellerz aww thanks :-)
wow I'm less the a 2min walk from the beach :-) Love California
So I'm in LA time to shop :-)
On my way to California :-)
Sailormoon963 so good I think that I'm going to love this show even more then Kendra
Sailormoon963 so far I love it Josh is a hottie and angels baby's so cute me and u could so have a show
Watching Holly's world amazing :-) and shmellerz so happy your cars okay
So about to take a test that's going to be way hard and then it's sushi time :-)
Sorry twitter I miss. U and have been neglecting you :-)
Shmellerz sweet :-)
@shmellerz mmm no what's the name and time again :-)
@Shmellerz do u still want me to go to your curch thing tonight
Sailormoon963 thank u :-) :-) :-)
:-)
Sailormoon963 yah and I will look for another pair
Sailormoon963 yah and I made you Guy s cake
Shmellerz we can see another movie if u want though or just go shoppin :-)
Shmellerz get him to the Greek the my cutie Russell brand he's like I'm a motorists
Shmellerz thats sweet and yah I want to see my motorists very bad lol
Shmellez what's vbs
watching loseing it will Jillian she is amazing :-)
I feel like I'm cheating on twitter with Facebook I'm sorry twitter I will tweet more
Watching the movie awards :-)
Shmellerz YES if that's ok with u :-) :-)
Shmellerz what ever is easier for u :-)
Shmellerz how about 115 :-)
Shmellerz is Thursday okay :-)
Shmellerz yah :-)  sounds perfect :-)  and I want to see it again I LOVE it what day
Shmellerz sound's like fun I will :-)
Busy busy busy work gym shopping coffee homework
Sailormoon963 good morning can't wait :-)
Going out clubbing tonight with the sisters
Well had an amazing weekend now off to class to get personal trainer certified :-)
Went river tubing and had so much fun :-)  sister forever
Guess what sayid broke up with this girlfriend yes :-)  here I come baby awwww
Another busy day :-)
So their s this Guy that's super fucking cute but I'm always shy around him
Enjoy the journey of your life.  There are no endpoints, just turning points.
At the doctors no fun
Sailormoon963 thanks:-)  sorry about yesterday
Going to the zoo for my moms birthday :-) :-)
So I like their might be something wrong with me I saw letters for Juliet and felt nothing
Sailormoon963 I love it :-)
Sailormoon963 I got the cup from Starbucks
Well its time to go to the gym then bank fun
Busy day busy day :-)
So stressed but I can't wait for my girls day will shmellerz:-)
I just got back from a yummy sushi lunch at asu tonight a banquet busy
Omg going to last class of the semester my friend tattooed my name on them
Last day of school :-)
Shmellerz love your new hair :-)
at asu and very cold
Sailormoom963 good luck of your final you will do great :-)
So I just this Guy who was so hot working at t mobile need a reason to go back
Sailormoon963 thanks good luck on your tests
got A's in two classes only 2more to go :-)
Finals good luck everyone :-)
Yah at at a family party for moms day :-) :-) :-)
Happy mother's day :-) :-)
Shopping with my mom today at Scottsdale fashion square then off to asu :-)
So I'm feelin very good right now I made madeout with a very good kisser in my film class it was nice :-)
Sailormoon963 omg she will not even b their on Friday :-)  yes :-) :-) :-)
Sailormoon963 can't wait :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Sailormoon963. Perfect do your sure were invited to this thing
Sailomoon963 Freddy or iron man 2 would be cool
Sailormoon963 so so much fun so after the band thing maybe we could all go to a movie
Eating sushi yum
drama that's my life I ran into my yoga professor yesterday she's going to Tabet to live with the monks this summer said I can come I ju ...
Another day :-) of class but im happy cuz its nutrition :-) peace love Zen
Sailormoon963 yah and the concert can't wait :-)
Sailormoon963 its about time :-) and shmellerz sounds like u had fun last night lol
Sailormoon963 and the fatass if gone for good?
sailormoon963 so she was a sucky coach but a strict coach whos knows their stuff they are the best whos captain?
Sailormoon963 strict is good when the coach knows what the hell they are talking about with fatass she couldn't do anything
Sailormoon963 that's crazy I want to see that how is everyone taken it? Maybe we can see a practice
lol ment yah not yahoo
sailormoon963 yahoo just drama what's the gossip? ??
love u mom peace love zen hope everyone has an amazing day :-)
Very stressed out cuz I have this sucky person in my life but I'm taken my mom for a massage so that might help
Yesterday was so much fun :-) and today has been fun to :-) peace love zen
@KimKardashian http://twitpic.com/1k3k67 - They look amazing both are stunning but dose anyone else have a probl
Sailormoon963 the new one with emit Cullen in it
So dose anyone what to see the new nightmare on elem street?
and stop picking on my state :O
Az is still such a hot topic well all I have to say is read the bill before u make a judgment
Had so much fun at are shoot I hope your day is amazing to sailormoon963:-)
Good morning world :-) hope everyones havein an amazing day of zen :-)
no way MJ can't wait to try making your secret veggie cupcakes that so cool m
Well off to class and I'm kind of nervous I have a project wish me luck
Good morning. Everyone :-)  another amazing day im enjoying the perfect weather :-)
Car pool time :-)
Happy Monday to sailormoon963 and shmellerz u guys are amazing the best :-)
Asu baby can't wait to move their :-)
Stress
@indolentaccro http://twitpic.com/1i3zkh - cool pic
1st twitpic  http://twitpic.com/1i3wkz
Yah so I'm in class ugh long day today then I have to go home and workout
Happy birthday to my bestie sailormoon963 :-) your amazing
Another test from hell pol and another busy day :-) ps the main chemical in splenda is chorine
We love u lost u will be very missed 2004-2010:-)
On my way to class I have a huge project ahh I want to take a moment of silent for lost its tonight
Shmellerz who?
Bones time yah :-)
WW3 in my house with me and my mom
Had so much fun hanging with smhellerz today can't wait to do that again :-)
So I finished my test and it was surprisingly easy for being 180 questions now more homework
Hanging with shmellerz having a girls day :-)
So just got out of class and have another busy day ugh life :-)
Shmellerz that would be perfect :-) :-) I can't wait
Shmellez. Whenever works for u:-)
Shmellerz. Do u want to carpool on Tue and get coffee and go shopping :-)
thank you for asking :-)
Shmellerz yah I'm fine a friend of mine got in a car accident
At the hospital
Shoutout to God and Jesus :-)  if your not Christian you should be because the risen one is the only way to heaven :-)
Awww my back hurts :-(
Test from hell today I think I bombed it but I hope not anyway have a busy day gym homework carpool
Well my class was called off so I went to the gym :-) and now I'm hiking
Shmellerz lol I was like y would u need lol no way is it coming back cuz I love cosmo :-)
Shmellerz are u talking about twitter
Out with my sexi friends doing lunch and Starbucks
just took a test and got 94% which if u new the class that's amazing so I'm going out to lunch with some super sexi friends
Happy Easter :-)
Ugh people anger me
Sailormoon963 yah I no lol :-)
models
Ok so I saw a clip of pretty wild the more that show makes me sick the girl had a temper tantrum like a 2year they don't have the look o ...
Just saw last song with shmellerz amazing everyone should see it :-)
Sailormoon963 well thanks :-)  maybe I will try to sneak into the concert tonight
sailormoon963 do I look like her I can see it a little :-)
Sailormoon963 lol oh yah the black eyed peas duh me :-) I wanted to see that
Lol super funny story I was getting gas and someone thought I was fergie for real :-) she's only 5'2 im 5'11
At class then going to the movies and shoping with shmellerz :-)
Saliormoon963 its next week thanks for asking :-)
supplements are bad and a waste of money sorry gnc  and hi health I do love your protein shakes though
Yah so o have the test from hell coming up 145 questions
Off to class and I'm sleepy but can't wait for nutrition :-)
Another day more stuff to do lol
Good morning twitter world just finished my first class :-)  on this amazing day
Shmellerz :-)  yah :-)
Shmellerz thanks and thank u 4 taking me I had so much fun :-)
Shmellerz the island is hell I missed that part could u put that pic of us on MySpace
Sailormoon963 sorry I can't :'(
Sailormoon963 I'm not sure if I can go I'm so sorry :'( mel should go
Sailormoon963 yah I can't wait :-) are you still walking with me and mel in the morning
The concert was fun and aaa your my hero :-)
At a concert with shmellerz so much function :-)
Can't wait for the concert tonight shmellerz and I will have so much fun :-)
So I just got very bad news so im very sad
Shmellerz that sounds so cute :-)
Shmellerz yeah super I still am not sure what I'm going to wear but it will be cute what u wearing
Shmellerz how about the health care bill are we still going to the concert? :-)
Lol beware the texting
A little bit of freedom died when they passed the healthcare bill
The only way to find happyness live everlasting and peace is though God and Jesus fyi
So I'm a little stressed out by my family
So sleeply don't know if I feel good
Going to a party :-)
So my trip was very stressful :-$
Thank to my amazing friend shmellerz :-)  yes Newport :-)  have a Zen day
Hey can anyone watch a cute lil dog? ??:-)
At gym :-)
What a nice day outside :-)
So having fun with bri :-) going to workout :-)
Apartment hunting :-)
Does anyone understand guys if so let me no
Shopping was fun I love hanging with my bestie shmellerz:-)
Scottsdale fashion square I'm I'm heaven:-)
Having a super fun time with shmellerz having a shopping day:-) :-)
So I'm sleepy but still have a ton to do :-)  my nutrition fact of the day drink more water and get 9sverings of fruits and veggies :-)
Another more class ugh I think I did bad on that mid term how can I be the top of one class with the highest grade and be bobo in another
now I'm studying and their is a guy with a sexy voice.  So hot :-)
so I just got done with nutrition love that class my tip for the eat more fiber :-)
Shmellerz aww thanks :-)
Shmellerz your amazingly cool for saying I'm so jello but don't be to jello cuz it's a fixer. Uper
So yah I'm so happy about my bmw :-)  I don't mean to Bragg I think my dad's trying to get me to stay home
So i just bought a bmw cuz im a pimp:-)   lol
sailormoon963 yah we do :-)  that would be fun
Shmellez yah for sure I'm going I can't wait :-)
Sailormoom963 no not any more so how are you
Everyone have a zen day :-) God bless:-)
smellerz yah I can't wait :-)
Smellerz the second Saturday of spring break would work only if that works for everyone
Shmellerz wow you're brave I can't watch thoses movies I saw them once and still wish I could erase from my Brian
What's everyone up too
So I have been asleep for hours it's nice cuz yesterday I only got three all day and I'm not even kiding
At my brothers play
manvscareer if you're wondering which way to go remember that your career will never wake up and say I don't love u lady gaga
Sailormoon963 yah I would say go see it :-) plus I saw a bunch of bchs people
Oh and last night was so much fun :-)
So I only got three hours of sleep last night but my busy day start anyway oh well I can sleep when I'm old now it's gym and shopping ti ...
Hanging with my besties :-) going to Alice :-)
Sailormoon963no way its out I have to get it I thought it came out Friday that's cool
Shmellerz kk just let me no I have never done that before so I can't wait
Sailormoon963 thats why I want to see it lol
Sailormoon963 they probably still have tickets if you want to go
Shmellerz sure that could be cool
Can't wait till tonight when I'm hanging with my bestie shmellerz and see Alice :-)
Well just got done with yoga now I'm going to chill and then off to the gym
So another busy day I'm busy for the next two weeks but I can't wait for Alice tomorrow
Just got done with nutrition class its the best now time to workout :-$
So my computer stopped working when I have a bunch of homework just my luck
sailormoon963 Lol no it's bad but maybe it's cuz I don't get along with them
So some one in my family has the snooki due
Lol I having a better time
So stressed so stressed I'm going to die
Yoga is amazing now I'm off to the gym :-)
Shmellerz Sorry about that sucks I hate when that happens
Sorry that was to sailormoon963
Milla jovovich
Today is an amazing day the coolest person ever tweeted me I might cry lol :-)
@millajovovich I can't wait to see it your so amazing in fact im watching ultraviolet right now it's my favorite your my idol
Sailormoon963 thanks
Going on a date tonight
That was for shmellerz I hope you feel better
A rat named ninja
Just got back from the gym now I'm getting ready for a fun night with my sexi friends oh and I also got a pet today
Went to the gym now on my way to class then work fun day lol
Sailormoon963 forsure I'm going can't wait :-)
Yah yoga it's amazing I think I want to go for an island vacation to like Jamaica on a yoga retreat :-)
Just as an fyi to smokers did you no some genetic modified tobacco leaves have rat genes in them :-P
Shmellerz two down one to go lol
Shemllerz I next it will be yoga tofu and boys well I think that you have a boy addition already
Shmellerz I no like I said one word orgasmic :-)  I'm addicted to those to but thats an addition that I'm keeping :-)
Shmellerz yah I no it will keep my magazine addition in check lol
Shmellerz sure today was epic we need so do that at least once a month :-)
Hanging with mel aka shmellerz having. Fun :-)
Workingout can't wait to hang with shmellerz
Sailormoon963 that sounds like fun lucky :-) well have a fun practice :-)
Very sleepy :O I need some caffeine hardcore coffee time pol
well i got a new phone and i still cant get it to work ugh well my days the same as always class coffee with the girls homework workout work
Going out with my sexy friends for some fun ;-)
Shmellerz kk :-)
Shmellerz yah do u think we need to get them soon
Lucky now I'm jealous
Yay it's got tons of apps :-)
My touch the. New one it's cool but hard to text on some times
Can't wait :-)  u can. Help.me. with my phone.
New phone yahoo :-)
So get this someone keeps callin me  and all my friends and he sent me a pic of me out haveing coffee at coffee bean with amy creepy much !
Sailormoon963 sure :)
Sailormoon963 thanku
Sailormoon963 what's his #
Sailormoon936 who r they and I did not give your number to anyone I did lose my dayplanner with everyones number in it but have the call me
Sailormoon963 kk I have her gift and tha t sounds good
Sailormoon963 thanks so what's the plan 4 sat and will AJ be their ?
What an amazing day thanks god :) !! So here's my day yoga. gym. coffee. class. gym. Shopping home lol the life :)
Shmellerz u look good with any hair color that's a gift most people can't do that your lucky I say rock the new color :)
School test boo :( sailormoon963 hell yes I would love to go with u guys that would be fun shmellez no his eyes r just like that no guyliner
So my mom did not let me go to the gym  no matter how much I baged lame or the movies lamer I need to workout waaaaa hmmmm ....not happy :-p
