LadiiChii
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3759139557/c841b7ef6e4ffd46ab4fa32cf6604725_400x400.jpeg
http://t.co/x6Yfmgex7Y (Check out "The Ballad of Ira Hayes")c
“@BreKAKES I swear my phone is always going dead!!!”
Lol oh lord which one of these hoes got a hold of my number lol private calls always fun
“@itsmoo_89 “@CHIEFVH Don't lie to me,I'll find out eventually..””so serious tho
“@NihiemTheDream They should of had a No Blacks sign bitch ass”lol lord! Lol "creepy ass cracker"
Got woke ul now I'm eating
That bbq I went to today was super fun and chill... Great to be able to have blk ppl come together nd have fun
I wanted to go out tonight cause its bout to be live... But Fuck all that I got money to clock n the am
Had a great day today
“@BreKAKES Ppl still doing fireworks for fuckinggg what????”
“@stricklydabiz Om da way ta fernhill park to get this win n tha softball gm” yall still weak... I thought that was yu tho
2hrs to go
Late lunch
Don west is irritating af
"i told you before I told you right now I do not remember! Lol go Bao you stand up for you self!
“@stricklydabiz This dude on tha stand played ricky tan in rush hour 2”LmfaO loooool
“@stricklydabiz @LadiiChii shit aint coo i wouldnt no wat ta do... Houses cars everything is fallin in”ikr id be beyond scared!
But where/who would we be if we didn't have neither? Food for thought
Not posed to kill yet you have police officers and now neighborhood watch shooting and killing.
This what I be tlking about when I say ppl take they title/job TOO serious... You're not pose to judge anyone yet yu haves judges...you're
"suppose" to shoot to disarm. Like shoot them in the leg or arm ..  shoulder.. not a persons heart
Something that's often overlooked is the fact that police officers and this lil wet back zimmerman did/do is shoot and kill when you are
Hses and streets...
If yall haven't notice... Cause yall to "turnt" .... In the past 3-5 months... We've been having a lot of "random" holes pop up caving in
“@MochaHontas143 84 tomorrow can't wait to enjoy the sun.”yeees cause yesterday nd todays weather threw me way off lol
“@InkedUP_Marley Popz Always Tryna Get A "Senior Citizen" Discount 😂”
Lossing her son so wtf IS justice for this lady
Yes trayon martins mom! Stay strong! Even if zimmerman do get life or go to prison that's still not filling the emptiness in her heart from
“@MochaHontas143 “@OrlandoLiberal A 17 year old without a weapon isn't going to tell a man with a ... http://t.co/zUa1OylGiH
“@MochaHontas143 This #TrayvonMartin trial is why I always dreamed of being a lawyer, I want to fight for justice!”
Oops maury
Does this chick on Nauru got hair glue on the side of her face!?! Lol
She said ppl in her culture calls white ppl "crackers" lol oh lord lol
This chick Rachel gone have hs black folks getting hung again lol
Lol they tlking bout she look nice today lol
Plz if I gotta deal or was on I wouldn't have time for shit lol I'd be too busy in the studio or wrking out
What an idiot sum guy who was signed to the patriots getting charged with murder..
“@DmoDavis “@macdaddywillie Rip lil snupe you had stupid gasss my nigga””
Omfg! She said she was in the closet on the phone not taking it serious!? She's killing this case
“@stricklydabiz “@Mr_CurtCobain: @stricklydabiz bruh she looks like precious Lil sister” lolol n she lyin under oath smh” omg precious sis!
“@stricklydabiz Fuckin wit this bitch zimmermen gonna fuck around n get off lolol” lol seriously wtttf lol I'm so lost lol
Like.... Wth are yall tlking about lol... She said "did you see the txt!?" Lol
Omg is she serious.... ? I feel so bad for her... It kinda bothers me when ppl don't know how to speak correctly..
Why trayon home girl seem a lil off... ? .... I couldn't imagine going thru this tho smh.
My Saturdays always be crazy I be so busy
I'm trying to go home do my hair nd go to sleep I gotta wrk tmr
Anytime she go to the store its never in and out
Uugh waiting on my mom nd it feels like foorrreeevvver!
C:
Hmmm
“@InkedUP_Marley This Type Of Weather Make Me Wana Lay Up Nd Watch Movies !!! 😒”
He was finna take over! That's too bad rip lil snupe
“@BrookeBaileyInc This saddens my heart. R.I.P. ~&gt; “@GlobalGrind: UPDATE: Lil Snupe's manager ... http://t.co/sbS1IB5MTD
@BrookeBaileyInc lil snupe? What!? He died??? When?
But I did watch the last 10mins of the heat nd spurs nd pretty interested in how this next game goes.. lol
I'm not a sports fan at all!
It's mind over matter
It bugs me how ppl get addicted to things. I personally don't believe there's a such thing as addicted. You gotta have mind control!
Grits,eggs,and sausage with biscuits
Lol
Ima probably cook these watermelon head children some breakfast lll
If yu that damn bold nd blunt wit ya disrespectful ass dnt be surprised ijs
I do wtf I want idgaf
Mmmmmm trying to think if I really wanna go to that Drake concert
Dnt be surprised when she ask where da cash at
I been gone for a lil miznyeee lol in my scrappy voice
“@itsmoo_89 Ugh my eyes are getting heavy”
@daidai2007 lol! Isnt it bomb tho'...I just love everything about
Goodmorning sweet faces
@SooKeyys @daidai2007 uuugh y are yu two just now seeing this video!!!!! Lol sheesh
Nd scrappy ain't shit nd shay ought to be a shamed so happy to be fucking with scrappy after he dawged her like that
Dnt ever tell me to have am abortion that way nd that yu dnt wanna be my husband "right now"
Wow kirk is straight up dead wrong
We done went tho like 10
These day phone charger's smh
In glad I didn't go to high school n Portland
Portland females kick it in groups lol its so weird
Game goofy ass..
Hate getting out the bed when its cold !
Yuz a stupid hoe stupid stupid stupid hoe.
Soooo right lol never knew my Twitter was on my phone screen saver
Yooooooo at lung fungs with my sweetheart
@DarkkAndLovelyy Aww how cute that's my boo!
“@MochaHontas143 “@BettiiPage Sorry not sorry if you fucked/talked/paid my nigga ain't no way we ... http://t.co/CBnicRcKAD
“@MochaHontas143 Why is Keyshia Ka'oir famous?”
Lol I was grubbing on this fudge .pop...n it was dripping on me the whole time
@MochaHontas143 saelee yur so craz! Yur gorge hunni!
Tmr is the fire work show...ill be there
Today is free admission to the carnival
Uh ywah
Yeah
“@BrookeBaileyInc *sips wine*🍷*pops gum*”lol I love this chick lol
How many drinks for yu to come home with me
Smh glad all my brothers was smart enough to NOT bang n be apart if that life.style
What happen to just getting dwn ?
Everyone getting shot n killed smh
“@DmoDavis The moral of that swimming tweet was WHERE ARE THE WOMAN WITH NATURAL HAIR THAT DONT GOVE A FUC ?”
“@DmoDavis I'm tryna go swimming with some African American females but they 2 damm scared 2 get they hair wet lol #FAIL”
S/o to my new followers say sumn baby!
Going to take my kids dt Friday to the carnival with my fam. It's about to be so live
Do yu guys love my new avi r what
LmfaO she said ya high heels is almost looking Like. Flip flops lol yikes
Id
Is have to beat ass every time u seen yu..just ugh
Smh. Spitting on sumone is the most disrespectful thing ever
Were this bitch spits n her husbands food. Wtf that bitch need her ass beat
I let my brother use my car hopefully it comes back in one piece
@DmoDavis its over at 3
@MochaHontas143 lol how gross..  I've experienced that nd I use to bang the Fuck out of the floor.
Woke with a shit load on my mind
@DarkkAndLovelyy lol fa real
“@DarkkAndLovelyy @LadiiChii Sort mail”oh yur crrraazy lol smh yu need to get some gloves paper cuts really be hurting!
January 2014
“@DarkkAndLovelyy Only been here 3.5 hrs an already got hella paper kuts” lol wth do you do lol
Then I asked "do you know them " nd he said yeah lol
I said domonique, you don't even know them lol
Lol when I went to the store my son wad waving at everyone saying hi lol
Flo was finna get in natalies ass lol ahhha
I'm upset stasy went home
Fucking bitches gettin money from bitches living at home being a prt time dad wtf
Not a damn thing
Wtf are yu guys going through really tho
Plus our own problems while looking good keeping our hs clean hair nails n toes done with a good head on our shoulders
Gotta be the best mother,and all tge responsibilities that come with that
A girl can go through abortions miscarriage,beatings, get looked at like a hoe,
It's fucked up what females go through and still are expected to be at our best
Time to take sum shots
I'm so fuckin irritated wtf
Every guy there was just too much! Smh boy chiiilll
Lol if ya nigga went to Fontaine bleau tonight. He was definitely being reckless
“@MochaHontas143 #Oomf is so ugly I can't take it.” lol that's so fucked lol
“@MochaHontas143 “@ShaderrickT It's that Gemini month 👌😊””
Just stressed me out
Def. Told her lil ass she better stop knocking on my door so damn hard
I was all out the peep hole
My daughter friend just came over nd was knocking like the boys..had me spooked for a min
Lol I just did my hair nd my forehead is oily af!
Riyah over here playing "food" lol with raisins lol
I'm soooo damn irritated...! Where's a bottle when I want it
Rip Romeil Pope Sr. There will neva be another
But anyways! Fuck all yu lil dirty bitches lol
When I get into my mode I feel like blowing sum shit up...killing shooting nd really fucking sum shit up....
I'll always stay turnt for my brother. Even tho I KNOW he would want me to move on nd go in bout my life... I'm like Fuck dat
I could accept dat shit way better if there was a cause
It's fucked up doe cause my brother just passed away....
If yu still mad AFTER sumone rip yo ass just evil af straight up
Ppl beef das just apart of life but ain't no "beef" worth dying over
But to me I think that's what's up... Unless they was "trying" ta kill dem
*ppl
A lot ppl say its fake for ppl to give dey respect to dullness who passed even tho they had fonk
Rug
Ppl think that all the wrong they did to em get brushed under da wrong Naw bitch
So mny ppl dat claimed they love my brother was da first ones to forget bout em
Dry say yu a never know how much a mfucka care bout chu till yu dead nd gone nd dat shit ain't Nuthin but the trust
When he died apart of my literally died
Ever since he passed I been so cold hearted. But so there. For my family
I randomly break dwn when I'm alone cause I miss my brother so damn much
“@NihiemTheDream Cuz ain't no tellin who gone be here tomorrow” respect
Guess ill go shower nd wash my hair
Smh
Working out/ exercising is not only to loose weight
Like please educate yur self first
I hate when ppl be like "oh yur so skinny yu do not need to wrk out"
“@itsmoo_89 The only way to ge through any situation your in is to face it.”
“@TamiRoman “@MaiaCampbell Never try to destroy someones life with a lie when yours could be destroyed by the truth””
“@itsmoo_89 “@belowthistweeet The person below this tweet is rated R for ratchet””
O_o lol wrong number?
"got that pump but I need dollar fo dollar pump" ........lol eh?
Lol sum random ass number just txted me tlking bout
“@MochaHontas143 It's crazy how fast time flies when I have to go to sleep &amp; so fuckin slow when I'm at work.” lol
I'm beat! Lol
Cleaned the kitchen, dining nd living room. Scrubbed the walls. Vaccumed the couches, cleaned the wall base boards
I'm obsessed with washing with bleach!
Got home at 130....nd just got done cleaning!
Phhew
“@BrookeBaileyInc “@KarenCivil: Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what ... http://t.co/YT0KnKfDTx
“@DmoDavis “@ComedyOnIy 13 &amp; Touchin, 14 &amp; Suckin, 15 &amp; F*ckin, 16 &amp; Pregnant, 17 ... http://t.co/ttXxj1OsaL
Wtf is me tlking to yu gone do for yu lol
I can't stand a weak ass bitch that is needy
Ol needy ass old hoe
Shit like that make me wanna purposely not talk to yu nd be mean
Now today she told cuz me nd my coworker wasn't talking to her
Bday
Lol first she told that I wasn't talking to her lol then she was lying telling ppl I was mad cause I didn't get my best off
Omg lol this OLD ass bitch must be obsessed with me lol
@DmoDavis is Paul still there I haven't been noticing him lol
“@MochaHontas143 “@A_RasinInTheSun I love telling other girls that their pretty/bomb/bad etc... ... http://t.co/WvwxZe9llJ
“@MochaHontas143 “@MicCapes_Music The woman that prays with you stays with you...”” need to wrk on this
“@MochaHontas143 “@HTHAGREAT I can't imagine you hoes Bn grandmas one day smh. Kids go really be fucced up lol””
@MochaHontas143 lol!! Yu are too funny lol I understand tho cuz that's like a whole different state lol shit
@MochaHontas143 lol! Damn bitch yur deep! My mom used to lice out there!
@MochaHontas143 lol are yu serious lol! Lol I love it out here but unfortunately ima be moving to Portland.... I never knew tho! Where by
Lol I wonder if these foos know that by sayin its coo that they "girl" a transsexual r whatever...that makes them gay lol
Cnt wait till the star light parade Saturday
This
Lol damn thus guy on jerry was twerkin his ass off lol
Them squats got my shit sore as Fuck lol
Gone
Nd I dnt want my daughter going thru that... So this time I'm really give have to say wtf is on my mind
I told myself I wasn't gone try no more but honestly I know how my dad nd I not having a relationship effected me...
I want a vudoo donut
Nd yu can add contacts to this weird shit so its hiden nd yu can't see call r msgs
Yu can read a txt then mark it like yu never read it
Lol phones be tryin have ppl do sneaky shit
I'm tired of seeing bitches... With that bright ass blonde shit in they nappy ass hair lol wtf
Ohhh stfu i wanna go back to sleep
This bitch on bill is annoying lol
“@MochaHontas143 “@CharSotoko This girl said that she been a side bitch for so long that if a ... http://t.co/xDeAflcoQZ
“@NihiemTheDream Now days if a dude is interested he "Thirsty" #WhatIsTheWorldComin2” lol true... ... http://t.co/4dBxSAFrW1
@MochaHontas143 since when did to ass live in Vancouver?...
@NihiemTheDream that's fucked
@stricklydabiz I love scaring ppl kids lol funniest shit
Lol smh
Then how her stomach hurt
Then that she sleeping in the living room
Then she came to ask if she could sleep wit me
Then she came to tell me she going to bed
First said asked if she could stay up to finish watching big mommas hs
Lol last night my daughter was doing the most
When yu got cha mouth fixed for a certain drink or food and can't get it... Makes yu wanna shoot everyone lol I swear
If to dumb ass can't close it back tight dnt freaking drink it
That's soo fn irritating
Uuuugh I hate when I finally want some pop. And go to drink it and its flat
“@BrookeBaileyInc So many people that are worried about material things don't have a pot to piss in !!!”
“@NihiemTheDream Moms told me to get a good girl with a good head on her shoulders. &amp; ill wait till ... http://t.co/4cEMCOgDrj
Maybe if I actually liked her I wouldn't mind
Shit
I do not play that ahit
Yeah yu can eat but cha friend better take her hungry ass home and eat
She always come in tlking bout can me and my friend eat..
My dauhter gone learn that it is not ny job to feed her damn friends lol
Why are hamburgers called "ham" burgers when there's no ham...?
I'm sleepy AF!
“@NihiemTheDream If someone doesn't appreciate your presence, make them appreciate your absence.”
Omg stfu lol tlking my whole lunch break away
Last thing I need is for him to hear that nd be like oh yu inquiring about other openings yet complaining about wrk.
Yu might Fuck sumn up I got going on
It's more so funny to me but its irritating at the same time like I dnt need yu going round saying shit bout me and not wanting to wrk
Abd wtf is it to yu ANYWAYS lol
Lol like for one I never requested my birthday off! Nd 2 I didn't wrk on my birthday nd 3 bitch yu dnt even know when my birthday is
Lol so dumb lol she gone tell somebdy... I was mad that I had to wrk on my birthday
Mfs be wanting to have sumn to tlk about sooooo bad
Ugh this old ass lady is yapping about me YET again lol
“@MochaHontas143 If my babydad really started fuckin my friend I'm KILLING EVERYBODY lol 😂😂” lol! Fast
Not feeling too good but I'm tryin to stay at wrk. I need every red cent
@DarkkAndLovelyy lol omg
Make me be in a Fuck it I don't wanna do shit mood
Ugh I HATE being rushed.
“@itsmoo_89 “@LightSkin_Sosa Dont try to fit in cuz it will neva work””
“@InkedUP_Marley Don't Ever Let A Broke Person Discourage You About Ya Job... Doesn't Matter Where U Work, Shit At Least You Gota Job !!!”
“@NihiemTheDream If ur rent, bills are paid, food on the table &amp; you don't have money left over, ... http://t.co/2fwjLTueTT
“@DarkkAndLovelyy I hate when a mf have another child &amp;&amp; forget about the other”
“@NihiemTheDream God its to good to the East” lmao yur dumb God is too good to the east lol yu moved?
Iight going back to sleep
Happy birthday to me..lol
Ha
I some say till I rip cause even after that I know she still will
Lol my mom is probably gonna Do somethin for my birthday till she rip. Lol
Yes I'm still spoiled
So since the rain effed up my bbq... My mom nd brother having a prty for me at big als
I love that my cousin birthday is on the 26,I'm the 27,my cousin rip the 28 nd my anty the 29 and my other cousin the 31 lol
I love seeing my kids play nd laugh together
I was pretty ,lit last night
Yall better wish me a happy birthday
My birthday is on Monday!
Thinking about going dancing at my lil spot in st johns
Glad I'm off today cause I'm bein Hellas lazy
That was everything now I'm sleepy lol
“@DmoDavis “@ComedyOnIy Family Guy has been out since 1999, it's 2013.. Why the fuck is Stewie still 1 years old?””
@DmoDavis lol! Too late my brother. Lol
Watching smart guy eating this omlet
“@BrookeBaileyInc But anyway, what do I know??? I'm only out here winning, right !!! Carry on !!!” I'm loving her tweets right now!
“@BrookeBaileyInc Everybody is always in such a rush. Rushing to grow up, rushing to party, rushing with ... http://t.co/TP2EquLXh9
I can't image being in a diet lol wtf..id be fat af.
however I am grateful that I can do that
Hmmm..  Idk I eat what ever i want... When I want....oh! And of course bought a FAST METABOLISM. Lol
What yu do to stay sml
Lol I hate when ppl be like dang yu had two kids and yu still sml
I'm thinkin yes cause I love my new Orange heels
All back everythang.....with some Orange r sumn
Say whaasss hannnnin
Dinner will be done shortly then off to finish getting dressed
Time to wash and dry nd straighten my hair
It's been like that for as long as I can remember
One year it be warm/hott nd the next year it be cold nd rainy
Last year it was warm.
I shoulda knew it was gone rain on my bday...
Nothing Apple pie nd ice cream can't solve
Let me calm dwn....
With that bein said when I'm on a bitch head I'm in a bitch HEAD
I'll argue wit chi all day if I had to
I dnt jump stupid over niggas u could care less bout bitches or niggas tlkin shit
I be in a battle with my self I know to do what's right but some days I be Luke Fuck dat shit n be ready to ride
I can be real mean n evil but I really be tryin to get my life right cause on the last day I wanna be reunited with all my loves
I hold the keys to that bitch life nd she dnt even know
THUD! Whoooooo
“@itsmoo_89 Im beyond irritated. Im hungry but dont have a appetite anymore..” I hate feeling like that. Makes yu even more irritated LOL
I guess sml thing do bring the big package lol
I got a small cut on my hand n this shit hurt
I was posed to go to a pole dancing class. But this rain got me thinking otherwise.
Oh I forgot to introduce myself
Pasta steak nd shrimp for dinner tonight
“@Hail2DarkSkin “@NihiemTheDream You know life is worth the struggle when you look back on what ... http://t.co/0KLjIgslYF
@CallMeMiko yea as always!
@itsmoo_89 lmao oooh! Lol... I dnt really....well sum times but I was singing kendrick... Lol
Lol my son think he got swigg lol
She gotta big booty so I call her big booty
Ciara nd future
I need some new ppl to follow my tlk be weeeeak
“@InkedUP_Marley That Moment When You Consider Stealing Kuz U Dont Wana Wait In The Long Azz Line Witcha One Item !!! 😒”lol
Apple pie in the oven. Ice cream in the freezer... Finna be oh so http://t.co/22LToEkS2n
Lol my son was over here yelling "booooock boooooooocccck!" Like a damn hen...lol Dora ain't shit
.....iiiiddddkkkkkkk lmao damn it lol she think I know evvveerryything lol sheesh
She said lol well what if it don't have teeth lol
She says well what would happen. I said Idk probably try to bite yu
Lol I said no
She gone ask me. Would a dog die if yu punched it
Lol somethin is fa real wrong wit my daughter
Meat loaf mashed potatoes nd carrots and peas mmmmm
@itsmoo_89 lol what yu tlkin bout?
“@CallMeMiko “@LadiiChii: I wish I could sock the Fuck outta someone!”omg 😳” sorry lol I was pretty pissed TF off wit ya ugly cousin lol
“@itsmoo_89 When I get in my moods I tune people out.. Ill rather just take time to myself rather than take my anger out on someone eles.”
Hot sauce all in my top raman ya bishh
I wish I could sock the Fuck outta someone!
Smh. Ugggh
Back to the old cold me the one yall hated to ask when yall needed sumn.
Anytime I need help. It's always a problem. Nd I'm sooooo over the shit like fa real
Mfuckas finna start getting DA voicemail
But its coo I'm done
I live allllll the way n Vancouver but jump every time my phone rings
Anytime someone calls me I come running! Dropping what ever I was doing
Officially done helping ppl
I do like the rain tho
I do not have time to be cold n wet nd sick for nothing n nobdy
Idk bout this prty Friday if its raining..
Cold
It's been raining alllll damn day. Fuck its cols
@InkedUP_Marley that's the best feeling when yu forget and then yu get pay nd to check be right!lol
I dnt like seeing parents with kids in the rain on the bus. I been Der done dat... And know how it feels
“@stricklydabiz Tha new xbox looks like a comcast hd box lol”lmaaao lol I gotta see
“@InkedUP_Marley That Holiday Pay Fa Memorial Day Is Guna Be Fukn Awesome !!! 🙌”I forgot alllll about memorial day pay!
“@itsmoo_89 “@DerrickJr_ A boyfriend and girlfriend supposed to laugh at these hoes together. 
A ... http://t.co/aRSF0GPmqr
Yeah 22 still young but I'm only getting older
I'm giving myself till the end of next week.
So I can start working and going to school.
I needa have my job give me a set schedule then turn these papers in tmr so my kids can start childcare...
This lil boy reminds me soooo much of my son. Lol I cnt wait to see his bad ass
It's the struggling days dat matter
Cause any bdy can love yu when yu "on"
For them to be in the rain together on the bus.
I love seeing couples who are happy nd in love. That's so beautiful to me lol
And the guy is rocking his son feeding him.
There's this cute couple on the bus with they kid
Thank God I have ok hair. Other wise my shit would be allll fucked up
Ugh this rain tho
As much as I eat I should be obsessed...lol
“@CallMeMiko “@LadiiChii: Shit getting stuck to the top of mouth lol Starbucks is outta pocket fa dis lol” haha”
@CallMeMiko girl too serious lol
That chicken noodles soup I made last night was good
Lately my patients have been real short. I been flashing on everyone lol
This rain got me in a mood not wanting to be here
Omg
I got so much to do and I wrk every day. Hopefully I can get everything done today after wrk tho
Rip to Ivy. I didnt know her but that's Hella sad
Shit getting stuck to the top of mouth lol Starbucks is outta pocket fa dis lol
This banana bread is pretty dry lol Fuck!
It's coo tho
These hoes at my job got me so f'd up today
What is this U.N.E.N.O that ppl keep saying
Banana bread and a coffee
I want to try Bombay and them new sminoff sorbet flavs
The weekend after my birthday is when I'm turning UP!
Riyah is bad af lol smh
Shit I needa find an all white body con dress for friday
With sum hot butter rolls
I'm gonna make home made chicken noodles soup
I slept so damn good
It was raining so much lastnight
No wrk today feels great
Helllo
“@InkedUP_Marley I Dont Fuk With People Who Fuk With People That Dont Fuk Wit Me !!!”
“@BrookeBaileyInc Where I am now. Is not where you met me ... #Growth”
“@InkedUP_Marley Olive Garden Fa Lunch... Mmmhm 😋”I been tryin ra get there for the longest ppl dnt even know bout olive garden!
If yu feel like yu give f up...ask how its pronouced at least
I dun got chiniko, chiniko, she-yoko, chiyoka...
Chi-yo-ko
Smh. My name is pronouced exactly! How its spelled
Lol its so annoying when ppl pronouce my name with a n...
My uncle finna do my brakes nd rotors fa free! Lol
So great having all these men in my family lol
“@InkedUP_Marley We Dont Meet People By Accident... Our Paths Cross For A Reason !!! 😊”
@_SheBeBLOWIN ok well what's we needa figure out who coming. And if we staying over night nd if yu wanna go before or after yur bday
When my kids wake up they always come and get in bed with me. (:
Not feeling mariah Carey on American idol ... What happen
I could really skoo sum of yall but da ain't is never told yu biiitch
Yu ain't pimpin if yu fucking every guy yu "playing"
Yall got dis pimpin shit all backwards
The purpose is for yu not to be so reckless fucking ever nigga lol
Lol des bitches be loosing dry selves in dis whole "think like a man act like a lady" shit
I had no idea it was raining... It's nasty out here...
Just cleaned from top to bottom! Now that was wrk
Lifes a bitch nd every dog has its day
Er thang about me whhhha
Give a bitch Dick before I give her my government...whhhaaa
We might get on each others LAST nerve but we go thru life together
I'm nervous like its me wtfff lol
Ugggh court flow.. I'm sure he'll do good tho.
@itsmoo_89 lol ever since hell Naw lol I wish a bitch wouuuuld try ya be coo with me while trying to get a my nigga lol ill kill a bitch lol
@_SheBeBLOWIN don't plaaay tho! Lol...what's up let's make it happen!!
My son is so bad lol
@_SheBeBLOWIN ikr! Nd it ain't shit to do here... I was low key wanting to go to Seattle...  But Idk
I love @BrookeBaileyInc  she's so pretty,curvy,chocolate and has her own look. Very unique
Then 7-15 kids be so bad and irritating. Lol
I love kids at 3 they be so cute trying to tlk and dance. With they cute little clothes
I want my son to turn 3 nd stay 3
Oh yeah good morning
Court later today
#beingblackandashy
When the lotion getting low an yu gotta take off the top...lol
“@_SheBeBLOWIN June 6th ! 👐👐 #MyBirthday #Gemini” what yu doing for ya bday
“@itsmoo_89 If your ”friend” tells you shes f*cked her other friends man or ex just take that as ... http://t.co/N87sZXNzG2
“@itsmoo_89 “@BugattiBEEZ ........I be cutting people off &amp; they don't even know it.””
I was gone ask her to bbq regardless
She's throwing dwn! For my birthday nd memorial day! I can't wait
My mom is so funny. She left a msg for me to buy some corn on the cob lol
I perfect anything I put my all into. I'm just talented like that. I dnt believe there's a Such thing as "i cant"
Somethin with shrimp or pork chops
....what for dinner?
I also needa wash my dirty hair!
There's so mny bitches that sweat him lol
Tmr is the big day. I'm nervous nd it ain even me
Finna go home nd clean up top to bottom
“@Hail2DarkSkin Be Patient, your time will come.”
“@stricklydabiz O baby bring it all ta me... Lolol that used ta be a slizzzzy” lol it did tho lol
I was always late!
I thought she was at least gone say I needa wrk on gettin to wrk on time. Cause around my brother birthday nd the month he passed
I get it from my mom... I a very fast learning and quick thinker nd fast wrker!
Boom...pow!
Just got my 2year evaluation from my manager and she said I'm a top employee! #bomb
She said look at me bitches I'm ice skating lol
Lol k michele is so funny!
Scrappy
Bomb pow
Steak,baked potato,asparagus and garlic bread!
"108 boys aint tell me nothin! I beez in the trap beez beez in the trap." Lol
Lmao my daughter over here tlking bout
“@Hail2DarkSkin “@NihiemTheDream Someone shouldn't need to be faced with your absence to value your presence.””
Now she got a big as knot on her forehead again
This girl is always falling nd messing up her face smh
Back home,showered, now finna kill! This bbq
That was hecka scary when he was in here.
One of my brothers got hit twice and was in icu once.
But they Hellas dangerous
I want a all pink one
I think motorcycles r so tight
Stop!drop! Shut em dwn open up shop
This white guy listening to dmx lmao
Now that is one person who will bbq any Nd everything! Lol
I didn't think anyone bbqed as much as my big brother
Lol my bf family love bbqn
Heading to a family bbq
Dang this sun came outta no where
Nd I hate cherry flavored things
This cherry punch snapple---is on hit tho
6t33n daiizZ till my birthday yu biiiiitch
We posed to b bbq.n today.
I haven't kicked it with my white girl n a minute.... Maybe well go dancing tonight
Shit I forgot what time I clicked out for lunch
Ppl who aren't educated think my name is just a ghetto put together name. No bitch
My mom asain tho!
Lol and ppl always think they about to meet a bone straight hair yellow ass pure asain. With my name being chiyoko
-_- that'd be helpful but my name isn't shekina. Wit cha ignorant ass.
Her name tag was in the break room one day and sumone was talking to me and said. "yur nametag on the table"
She's a white girl nd her name shekina lol
This girl at my job is so cute Nd funny
Hiiii every booooody
Lame niggas be quiet
Lol its always the weakest nigga who think he cold af in basketball lol
Bitches be so pressed to get pregnant by des nothing ass niggas lol
That's sooo beautiful they showed her so much love! #candice#americanidol
Makes me think bout my mom... Nd how my family fell hard when my bro died
Awww bless her heart. She misses she son
Awww michael Jacksons mom is so cute.
And has her put sheets on everything..couches...everything
She has her assistant wipe down everything that other ppl touch.
Lmfao lol la toya Jackson has a tv shows. She's so funny
Damn this child care I wanna get my kids in is $202/week for my daughter.... And $240/week for my son!
Ima mom yu would think I knew these kid of things
Maybe some shoes nd dinner or something.
My mom isn't into getting her nails n toes done
Whats some good ideas for mother day gifts..
I wanna send my mom flowers but she allergic...but I think shell be coo
Mothers day coming up.....
Got off early. Now gotta check out some child care facilities
It gotta look and smell good for me to want it.
Nd nose
I eat with my eyes
Chewy chocolate chip granola bars---
My mention be so dry
"got damn it! What the Fuck did I do with that got damn pen!? I just fucking had it!" Lmbo
Room
Lol this guy is cursing his butt off in the break roim
At work
Lol I got the break room smelling like greens lol
But I made pineapple upside-down cupcakes so it'll be tmr prolly
They got new Hawaiian punch popsicles...cnt wait to try one
Burger with egg ..
Burgers and curly fries
If it wasn't for him...its guaranteed It woulda been Bad! Smh
Omg these bitches boy I tell ya
Yo girl gotta cute face, her friend gotta nice body
Yo
At the end of the day like bitch I got my own two kids lol trust ain't NO BODY trying to take to place
This shit ain't my responsibility lol
This is definitely my last time...
Idk y I do this to my self trying to be coo and think about other ppl feelings
Rip
I love yu romeil!
I need a curlying blow drier
Kids ain't took a bath now they dressed about to have lunch n a lil...
I dnt want my kids to date a black or white person..
Especially des lil happy ass headed boys
Yu cnt not love my son...  He's such a chick magnet but trust. Des girls gone have to bring dry A game
He acting like he falling off the scooter. Jumping off talkin bout "whooooa! Aaahhh" lol
Lol
My son! Is everything lok
Chichi got that yayo
Chi
That's so beautiful... I'm so happy for those women and their family
It's not when yu want but trust in him and it will be done
Gods great!
Did yall c on the news they found them 3, now women after 9,10th nd 13 years then they found a fourth girl.
Gooodmorning
I'm sleepy now.... Goodnight xoxox
As if its an insult lol... Lol
Lol I just told my daughter her grandma is asain lol she gone say wow mom how dare yu
I let her taste my fish nd she liked it.....of course I didn't tell her it was fish lol
She eating white rice fish yams nd  corn bread lol
Lol my daughter really dnt eat greens lol.
Lol I dnt watch bball but I guess some chick was being Hella loud lol!
Now its time to enjoy some greens,hand,corn bread and tilapia fish. ((:#winning#idoesthis! #bomb
Put groceries away cleaned cooked nd watched my shows lol
Dinner just dne. But I did good got home at 7
Lol omg this chick is irritating bitch serve me so I can go shit lol
This foo in the grocery store with no shoes lol smh
But my daughter dnt like fish when she sees it raw.
Greens and catfish for dinner?? I think yes....
Think ima make sum greens for dinner
She sweats that bruno mars song lol
Lol we went to my job and my daughter was n there singing for my manager lol
Is there a water park like with sprinklers or sumn in Portland
Follow me on insta @itz_chi
Ain't none of yall doing shit so dnt act like yall don't wanna come lol #boredtweet lol
Who wants to come?!
We all bout to get in the tub.. get cute... Then prolly go to the park nd have a picnic.... That sounds fun
I'm happy cause I'm happy!
I just be saying what comes to my mind
What's up wit yall tho
That nigga really did 5 years sheeesh...I woulda died lol
I cnt believe kneeko is really bout to be out...lol
When I picked up Ni daughter from my niece yesterday. My daughter said..."mom I had a wonderful day today" lol
Now how many of yall can say #teamnokids lol
#teamnokids vs #teamnoabortions and #teamnoplanb.
Omg another hott day. It's,posed to be 87
Omg Im on the freeway nd I hit a bird omg srry little birdy
I swear Hong davi look like her
Honey cocaine is so bad
I'm all about these commas bitch period
Y is wiz trying to look like ASAP rocky in dis beat it video... That's ugly
I want Ciara and Chris brown to do a song together
Mrs
Mr and ms brooks are sooooo funny
Like all dat in between shit... Cut it out
Dnt talk shit then try ta be coo
Ppl irritate the Fuck outta me
Me nd ma son prolly finna get on our own mission today..
Just cause its 2013 das what we do now huh..just walk around sucking Dick?Yall bitches needa snatch ya life before a std snatch it false yu
Nd bitches be soooo happy to suck some dick..lol... Yu lil trifflin bitch yu lol
I be thinkin of da most extreme...but yu got to shit
Fuckin nasty
Nd then to have ra nerve to kiss ya kid(s) with Dick lips...lol
All da bitches he Fuck before yu...bd cheated on yu with... Ew
Sucking Dick is so nor sanitary....
Naw nigga... It's 2013 nd every nigga eat da twat
It cracks me up when ppl be like... It's 2013 everybdy suck dick
I'm so sleepy now but I wanna get up shower and get out
@itsmoo_89 lol oh ok lol
Bye felicia
@itsmoo_89 omg lol hopefully the tv was big lmao
Nd das datum realist shit
And just cause ya "friend" getting dwn dnt mean yu do.
Just cause ya "friend" dnt like someone don't mean yu don't like that person..
My brother use to tell me...
Eggs Bacon sausage home made French toast nd crescents....
He don't even know it!
Blind side is a great movie
It b so quiet when my daughter not home
If we happen to run into each other then that's what well do
Ima do me and yu gone do yu...
Closing ya eyes then opening them... To make a tweet, trying not to fall asleep
