Mugumyad
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1732098806/200079_137271539675408_100001776899061_221625_1733253_n_400x400.jpg
Do not let the shadows of your past darken the doorstep of your future. Forgive and forget.
RT @Godly_Life: Peace comes when you pray.
RT @ACatholicPrayer: To Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, with the Father and Holy Spirit, be honor and glory forever. #Catholic #prayer
RT @Tweets2Motivate: I may not always be perfect, but I'm always me.
Our Lady, Queen of Prophets, Pray for us!
You deserve to be happy, not in the arms of someone who keeps you waiting but of someone who wants you now, love you forever &amp; never leaves.
A true friend sees the good in everything, and brings out the best in the worst of things.
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company
Sometimes you have to walk away from what you want to find what you deserve.
You may not be there yet, but you're closer than you were yesterday.
Be someone who makes someone else look forward to tomorrow.
Good things come to those who wait. But better things come to those who work for it.
God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. Yes! 2. Not yet. 3. I have something better in mind.
Be positive, patient and persistent.
@jkkarungi I can imagine
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Hear what others have to say, but listen to God.
Life is not fair, but God is always faithful
You're not a failure until you stop trying. If you have no other testimony you have this one: "I'm still here."
Pray hardest when it is hardest to pray
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy  enough people to make it worth the effort. - Herm Albright
Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain.
No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
Participate in life instead of just watching it pass you by.
I sought the LORD, and He answered me, and delivered me from all my fears. -Psalm 34:4
You always have a place to run to, always. The place is GOD
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
When we put our cares in His hands, He puts His peace in our hearts.@salmonmimi
When you do something out of love, you don't count the cost.
Don't put the key to your happiness in someone else's pocket.
Stop wishing for it and start working for it.
Love each other as I have loved u. Greater love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends. -John 15:12
You can always find the sun within yourself if you will only search. - Maxwell Maltz
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.
RT @UNITAR: According to UNHCR, 51 mil+ people were uprooted from their homes due to conflict and persecution in 2013. http://t.co/5yWFwAkB…
Friends are angels who lift our feet when our own wings have trouble remembering how to fly.
Successful people know the difference between patience &amp; procrastination.
Know this above all else, God hears and answers every one of your prayers.
RT @DavidRoads: Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. -Arnold Schwarzenegger
Your actions and your words should always agree with each other.
RT @Psalms_Proverbs: God, be favourable to me - Psalm 51:1 (please retweet)
RT @UN_News_Centre: #DRCongo: @MONUSCO deplores loss of life as #police, #protesters clash in capital http://t.co/xQT2uQJJkQ http://t.co/s1…
Never let people's negative thoughts about you hinder you from accomplishing what God put in your heart. Dare to dream and dare to live it.
Life's about laughing &amp; living, replacing inner hate with love, getting through whatever comes our way, looking back &amp; smiling
Faith is having a positive attitude about what you can do and not worrying at all about what you can't do
There is long road ahead, we need to forget the pain, ignore the regret, and keep moving forward.
Being honest may not get you a lot of friends, but it'll always get you the right ones.
RT @FamousWomen: A fake smile may fool the crowd but it never eases the pain.
RT @cnnbrk: French President will now speak on the Paris terror at 1 p.m. ET, earlier than first planned. Live on CNN and CNNgo http://t.co…
RT @Bible_Time: God's plans for us are better then anything we could imagine for ourselves. http://t.co/OXb46BVaER
RT @InspowerMinds: You may feel worthless to one person, but you will always be priceless to another.
RT @UN: Video: Fatou Bensouda’s experiences as the first woman prosecutor of @IntlCrimCourt http://t.co/qJ6Id71HCW  via @UN_Women #Beijing20
A wise man makes his own decisions; an ignorant man follows the public opinion.
@UKenyatta Rip
"I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate." - George F. Burns
Much love and blessings come  2015
Nobody has everything but everybody has something.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Your child will follow your example, not your advice.
RT @FaithReeI: This Mom And Son Are Living Proof Life Is What You Make It! http://t.co/1A38xwPCif http://t.co/OwDCo2eOME
Fill your mind with truth, your heart with love, your life with service.
RT @The_Gospels: God has a bright future in store for you!
 - Keep standing
 - Keep believing
 - Keep hoping
In his name the nations will put their hope - Matthew 12:21
RT @DailyMonitor: World Aids Day: Protecting the next generation from #HIV
http://t.co/FHUT5oh4uL
#WAD2014 #WorldAIDSDay http://t.co/OUhn8D…
RT @Uwitware: Uwiteka niwe mwungeri wangye sinza chena. Andyamisha mu kyanya ky'ubwatsi bubisi, angyana iruhande y'amazi adasuma #Psalms23 …
RT @Tweets2Motivate: Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership. Always keep your word.
Count your blessings and give thanks to the Lord God.
It hurts when you go through something that kills you inside but you have to act like it doesn't affect you at all.
RT @LifeFacts: My life isn't perfect, but I'm thankful for everything I have.
RT @LifeFacts: Keep reminding yourself. If it is supposed to happen, it will.
Life is simple, people are complicated.
Be thankful for today, because in one second, your entire life could change.
Worry does nothing but steal your joy and keep you very busy doing nothing.
Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does. #walkthetalk
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think. -Dale Carnegie
You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have to decide that for yourself.
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved. -Barbra Johnson
Take care of the people you love, but take even better care of the people that love you.
Being called "Baby" has a positive effect on the female brain, causing instant emotional stress relief.
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
ln my room the sub meter made few sparks all lights went off
✔ Alive ✔ Blessed ✔ Grateful
Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.
Respect is for those who deserve it, not for those who demand it.
"You'll either build that business or you'll go back to finding a job-forever." Robert Kiyosaki
"Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1." Warren Buffett
Do not listen with the intent to reply, but with the intent to understand.
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily. - Mike Murdoch
There will be obstacles. There will be doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work, there are no limits.
Life is too short to waste one single second with someone who doesn't appreciate and value you.
Don't talk, just act. Don't say, just show. Don't promise, just prove.
People may not always tell you how they feel about you, but they will always show you
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Strength is when you have so much to cry for but you prefer to smile instead.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
If someone wants you, nothing will keep them away, but if they don't want you, nothing will make them stay!
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, &amp; it will be yours. -Mark 11:24
Ninety-nine percent of the failures comes from people who have the habit of making excuses. -George W. Carve
We're not the same person we were a year ago, a month ago, or a week ago. We're constantly changing; experiences don't stop. That's life.
Don’t push away the people who truly care about you, because one day, you will push them away, and they won’t come back.
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Holy spirit am all your tonight
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
Finish each day &amp; be done with it. You have done what you could. Learn from it; tomorrow is a new day. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
@SanyuLydia take raw ones
Do something now that will make the person you'll be tomorrow proud to have been the person you are today.
Don't let the past steal your present.
Those who are hardest to love need it the most.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
"Have intense and unfailing love for one another, for love covers a multitude of sins." -1 Peter 4:8
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places.
When you choose to forgive those who have hurt you, you take away their power.
It's great to be happy, but it's even better to bring happiness to others.
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic.
Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. #optimism
If it is important to you, you will find a way. If it's not, you'll find an excuse.
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.
Create a life that feels good on the inside, not one that just looks good on the outside.
You were born with the ability to change someone's life - don't ever waste it.
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. -Carlos Castaneda
Where you invest your love you invest your life.
Every day may not be good but there is something good in every day.
If you have never made a mistake then it means you have never tried something new.
Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
We don't stop dreaming and exploring because we grow old. We grow old because we stop dreaming and exploring.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. -Henry David Thoreau
Friends are angels who lift our feet when our own wings have trouble remembering how to fly.
Don't look back - you're not going that way.
Surround yourself with positive people who will support you when it rains, not just when it shines.
Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.
Thank your past for all the lessons, and move on.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye. - Helen Keller
Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem. - Richard Bach
Don't look back - you're not going that way
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
You are wonderful, LORD, &amp; you deserve all praise, because you are much greater than anyone can understand. -Psalm 145:3
Someone else is happy with less than you have.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Sometimes we expect more from others because we'd be willing to do that much for them.
At this very moment, life is perfect.
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.
Opportunity follows struggle. It follows effort. It follows hard work. It doesn't come before.
Work like you don't need money, love like you've never been hurt, and dance like no one's watching. -Unknown
A lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of a sheep.
If you don't step forward you will always remain in the same place.
Be content with what you have, because God has said, "Never will I leave you; never will I forsake you." -Hebrews 13:5
"Have intense and unfailing love for one another, for love covers a multitude of sins." -1 Peter 4:8
Remember, the greatest failure is not to try.
Sometimes you have to lose the battle to win the war.
Count your rainbows, not your thunderstorms.
When you talk, you are repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances. - Author Unknown
To be old &amp; wise, you must first have to be young &amp; stupid.
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -Thomas Edison
Instead of complaining about your circumstances, get busy and create some new ones.
In life you will meet two kinds of people. Ones who build you up, and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you will thank them both.
Deal with your problems before they deal with your happiness.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
If u really want something, &amp; really work hard, &amp; take advantage of opportunities, &amp; never give up, u will find a way. -Jane Goodall
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
God's plan is bigger than your mistakes.
Even fools seem smart when they are quiet. -Proverbs 17:28
Just because you were born talented doesnt mean you are the best, there will be someone working harder than you, that person will succeed.
Be the type of person you want to meet.
Tell the truth or someone will tell it for you. - Stephanie Klein
Work hard in silence; let success make the noise.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
Find someone who will change your life, not just your status.
Surround yourself with positive people who will support you when it rains, not just when it shines.
Don't let a hard lesson harden your heart.
God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can &amp; the wisdom to know the difference.
God doesn't give you the people you want, he gives you the people you need.
Leadership is not about titles, positions or flow charts; it is about one life influencing another.
No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
Success isn't something that just happens - success is learned, success is practiced and then it is shared. -Sparky Anderson
Do not regret growing older; it is a privilege denied to many.
Every day holds the possibility of a miracle. - Elizabeth David
TODAY will never come again... Be a blessing. Be a friend. TAKE TIME TO CARE.
When you make a commitment, you build hope. When you keep it, you build trust.
Every saint has a past. Every sinner has a future. -Warren @warren_buffet
Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different?
You are not what has happened to you. You are what you choose to become.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. - James D. Miles
I BELIEVE IN BEING STRONG WHEN EVERYTHING SEEMS TO BE GOING WRONG. - Audrey Hepburn
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. -Mother Theresa
My kids are my heart and soul. They will always be my babies, even when they grow old.
I've just updated my professional profile on LinkedIn. Connect with me and view my profile. http://t.co/EhYH8m9ncg #in
"All glory comes from daring to begin." - Eugene F. Ware
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." - Napoleon Hill
"Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them." - Hugh Miller
"Strong, deeply rooted desire is the starting point of all achievement." - Napoleon Hill
I am in charge of how I feel and TODAY I am choosing HAPPINESS.
A simple hello could lead to a million things. :)
No matter how far you have gone on the wrong road, you can still turn around.
You become what you believe.
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer grows you.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
@Oxfam @StopRapeCmpgn thats too bad
The beautiful things about setbacks is they introduce us to our strengths.
Robin Sharma
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
Where God guides He provides.
RT @Oprah_World: Stop saying "I wish" and start saying "I will".
It is love that makes the impossible possible.
Jesus said to him, "I am the way, and the truth, and the life; no one comes to the Father but through Me." -John 14:6
God has a blessing with your name on it.
Ninety-nine percent of the failures comes from people who have the habit of making excuses. -George W. Carve
Forgiveness is not an occasional act; it is a permanent attitude. -Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
@InspowerBooks
           true
#blessed night
When life seems hard just remember God knew you before you were born, and he has amazing things in store for you.
Whatever you ask for in prayer with faith, you will receive. -Mat 21:22
Let your light shine before others that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven."
 -Mt 5:6
RT @Oprah_World: You never lose friends. You just discover who your real friends are.
Wishing will NEVER be a substitute for prayer.
Don't look back when you know you shouldn't. Don't stress over things that don't matter. Don't worry about thinks you can't control.
When things arent adding up in life start subtracting
Success is not measured by the heights one attains, but by the obstacles one overcomes in its attainment. -Booker T. Washington
@ChimpReports  I believe in you now
RT @Pontifex: Our Lady is always close to us, especially when we feel the weight of life with all its problems.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
"I love the market, it is my work, my play and my life." Rene Rivkin
"I know what I want to do, and it makes sense to get going." Warren Buffett
"The person that turns over the most rocks wins the game. And that's always been my philosophy." Peter Lynch
The man who is incapable of making a mistake is incapable of anything. -Abraham Lincoln
Strength is when you have so much to cry for but you prefer to smile instead.
RT @Refugees: With new people fleeing #CARCrisis arriving daily, plus older influx, 80,000 refugees from CAR now shelter in Chad http://t.c…
It takes years to build up trust and only seconds to destroy it.
RT @UNGeneva: Ban Ki-moon renews pledge to campaign to end violence agnst women &amp; girls. http://t.co/fYrQK04KoB #1billionrising #rise4justi…
May God keep blessing us. May all earth’s extremities respect him - Psalm 67:7
What comes easy, won't last. What lasts, won't come easy.
RT @Refugees: Cameroon's communities have taken in many from #CARCrisis, but they can't take all &amp;conditions are appalling for many http://…
When you love what you have, you have everything you need.
« Don't bring your need to the marketplace, bring your skill. »Jim Rohn
« If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you. » Jim Roh
When life knocks you down, try to land on your back. Because if you can look up, you can get up. »Les Brown
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow - Doug Firebaugh
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is. -Goethe
Remember, no human condition is ever permanent. Then you will not be  overjoyed in good fortune nor too scornful in misfortune. -Socrates
If we really want to love we must learn how to forgive. -Mother Teresa
At one point in your life you either have the thing you want or the reasons why you don't -Andy Roddick
Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does
Hear us, Shepherd of Israel - Psalm 80:1
RT @Refugees: On Tuesday we began to distribute basic supplies to 10,000 displaced by conflict in Malakal, #SouthSudan http://t.co/r0ndgvWx…
Being someone's first love is great, but being someone's last love is beyond perfect.
If you're bored with life, if you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals. -Lou Holtz
RT @africareview: Savimbi's son to run for Angola's presidency  http://t.co/MFlf4Ajs72 via @sharethis
TODAY will never come again... Be a blessing. Be a friend. TAKE TIME TO CARE.
The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything.
Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.
You never lose friends. You just discover who your real friends are.
You are not what you have done - you are what you have overcome.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined!
RT @SYRedCrescent: Filling the armored cars with people and the rest walk in between to avoid sniper fire @SYRedCrescent @UN #Homs http://t…
If you want to feel rich, just count all the gifts you have that money can't buy.
Sometimes you have to get knocked down lower than you've ever been, to stand up taller than you than you ever were.
Winners don't wait for chances, they take them. -Unknown
You are not what you have done - you are what you have overcome.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
"Surround yourself with people who only bring you positive energy and you shall have a positive life."
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big. »Donald Trump
Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them. »Henry Ford
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them. »Tony Robbins
A person starts to live when he can live outside himself. »Albert Einstein
The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it." - W.M. Lewis
God, I trust you with all of my heart. Wherever you want me to go, I will go. Even if it's not where I planned. Lead me &amp; I will follow.
God knows us better than anyone else, and that's why no one can love us like He does.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
RT @Refugees: LATEST: 900,000 from Central African Republic now displaced by violence http://t.co/Z9wwFj69gx #CARCrisis
Do the thing you fear [...] that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear.  ~ Dale Carnegie
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Laughter &amp; Love are priceless gifts, so live with passion - Laugh &amp; Love as much as you breathe!
RT @UN_Radio: South Sudan conflict: One family's "Problem" http://t.co/BBMG3imX5h
RT @VOA_News: UN: M23 Recruiting in Rwanda http://t.co/r1WQ5z1QNJ
Don't be afraid to start over. It's a brand new opportunity to rebuild what you truly want.
The way we choose to see the world creates the world we see. - Barry Neil Kaufman
Do something now that will make the person you'll be tomorrow proud to have been the person you are today.
If you can see the positive sides of everything, you’ll be able to live a much richer life than others. - Celestine Chua
Thinking its a problem http://t.co/PAYs1KvmtU
To be old &amp; wise, you must first have to be young &amp; stupid.
You were born to win, although to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, &amp; expect to win
If you want it, work for it! SIMPLE!
"The greatest cause of human financial struggle is the fear of losing money." Robert Kiyosaki
@mugumya @Mukulaa too bad investigations should be made
@NGOLDINO like wise bro
@NGOLDINO ok thats nice
@NGOLDINO sure it is
Always be thankful for everything you have.
RT @Refugees: DRC: 360,000, Pakistan: 264,000, Myanmar: 201,000, CAR: 154,000 &amp; Mali: 125,000 = new internally displaced people in the firs…
When you stop trying to change others and work on changing yourself, your world changes for the better
Love is patient, love is kind and is not jealous; love does not brag and is not arrogant -1 Corinthians 13:4
Maturity is the ability to reap without apology and not complain when things don't go well. » Jim Rohn
some date same as today's l was born,ohh thank you lord
RT @newvisionwire: Heavy gunfire erupts in Kinshasa http://t.co/ykQ19uDmBI
« Let others lead small lives, but not you. Let others argue over small things, but not you. Let others cry over
"I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed." - Michael Jordan
Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress." - Mahatma @rkagandhi
Hope... Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else. If you have it, you have everything.
Without Dreams We reach nothing. Without Love We feel nothing. Without God We are nothing
Successful people know the difference between patience &amp; procrastination
Distance doesn't ruin relationship. Doubts do
Nothing's more fun than doing what people say you can't do!
Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.
RT @UN_Spokesperson: Now available: #UNSG Ban Ki-moon's remarks to #UNSC http://t.co/QdjTHmnQxF #SouthSudan @UNPeacekeeping @unmissjuba
We teachers can only help the work going on, as servants wait upon a master. »Maria Montessori
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government. »Donald.
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals. » Jim Roh
Your talent is God's gift to you.  What you do with it is your gift back to God.  -Leo Buscaglia
I've got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end. -Larry Bird
Take control of your emotions before emotions take control of you.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. -Mother Teresa
RT @BillGatesAdvice: You can't love something without wanting to fight for it.
Some people are going to leave, but that's not the end of your story. That's the end of their part in your story.
« Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive. »Dalai Lama
Not everything will go as you expect in your life. This is why you need to drop expectations, and go with the flow of life.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook. -William @RyanJames1 @sabrinakitaka
Don't cheat the world of your contribution. Give it what you've got. -Steven Pressfield
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook. -William James
Don't complain and ask why it happened to you; just get over it and do your best to make sure it doesn't happen to you again.
RT @LifeFacts: Life becomes easier when you delete the unnecessary people from it.
RT @UgoUganda: Happy 50th Birthday Kenya #KenyaAt50 http://t.co/DXnsEEyReh
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -John Wooden
Don't forget to pray today, because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
God will make me see those who spy on me - Psalm 59:10
5 rules of a relationship: 1. Stay faithful. 2. Make them feel wanted. 3. Respect your partner. 4. Don't flirt with others. 5. Make time
I'm strong because I know my weaknesses. I'm wise because I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.
Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like. -Will Smith
Find someone who will change your life, not just your status.
Man does not simply exist, but always decides what his existence will be, what he will become in the next moment. -Viktor Frankl
Excuses are the nails used to build a house of failure. -Jim Rohn
The same one who mistreated you will end up needing you.
How long, God, will the enemy throw insults? Will hostile people despise your name for a long time? - Psalm 74:10
Good things happen when you distance yourself from negative people.
Jesus answered, "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. -John 14:6
You can’t master your future if you’re still a slave to your past.
lts never too late- never too late to start over, never too late to be happy-Jane Fonda
Go after your dream, no matter how unattainable others think it is. -Linda Mastandrea
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. -Plato
Don’t give up on the people you love. Your patient love and faithfulness  may be exactly what they need to make a complete turnaround.
Knowledge is the only instrument of production that is not subject to diminishing returns.J.M @DrIanClarke
RT @UN: Winner of 2013 Intl Female Police Peacekeeper Award hails from Senegal &amp; serves in Haiti. Details: http://t.co/YlUd7m6wbW
You become what you believe. –Oprah @Oprah
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. –Les @ElizabethB317
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. –Theodore Roosevelt
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible. –Christopher Reeve
Nothing will be impossible to you. -Mat 17:20
All great achievements require time. - Maya Angelou
Where God guides, He provides.
RT @Refugees: Photo of the day: It is school time in Umpiem camp, #Thailand (2005) http://t.co/QCnhVjRD5R #refugees
God is my hero. He protects me, and He is always there for me.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined!
RT @Refugees: #UNHCR highlights dangers facing Syrians in transit, urges countries to keep borders open http://t.co/eEmsfvsSaX #Syria
Do not love the world nor the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him. -1 John 2:15
An honest answer is like a kiss on the lips. -Proverbs 24:26
Despite all the terrible things I see around me, I have every reason the say "THANK YOU LORD JESUS".
"Failure is only postponed success as long as courage coaches ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory" Herbert Kaufman
Judge me, O Lord, for I have walked in my innocence: and I have put my trust in the Lord, and shall not be weakened.  -- Psalm xxv. 1
Most problems are because of two reasons: We act without thinking or we keep thinking without acting.
RT @DailyMonitor: 51-year-old grandmother of 8 sits UCE exams http://t.co/UBCTNvODVt
Friendship means understanding, not agreement. It means forgiveness, not forgetting. It means the memories last, even if contact is lost.
@JestineMarotta serious
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today. -James Dean
I always knew I was going to be rich. I dont think I ever doubted it for a minute.  Warren Buffett
RT @BIBLE_Psalms: Lord, may we experience your loyalty as we wait for you - Psalm 33:22 (please retweet)
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. - Charles Schulz
« Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people. »Spencer @asiimwe4justice
RT @Inspire_Us: Look at your problems as problems &amp; they'll continue to hold you down. See them as blessings in disguise &amp; that's what they…
RT @Refugees: Photo of the day: Daily life in #Dadaab camp, #Kenya http://t.co/ekCBhZ7jXD #refugees
Pray, forgive yourself, appreciate others, do things you enjoy, and remind yourself that you are loved.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
If God is the DJ, then Life is the dance floor; Love is the rhythm, &amp; You are the music -unknown
I always entertain great hopes. -Robert Frost
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. -Michael Korda
Follow your hopes and not your fears
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. -Mother Teresa
I trust God with my Life... after all He gave it to me.
RT @Mukulaa: MUTEBILE-Here is how the Bank of Uganda will tame inflation http://t.co/3sapelsRVO via @dailymonitor
"Don't put a limit on anything. The more you dream the farther you get." - Michael Phelps
Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn. ~ E. Nightingale
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. ~ Napoleon Hill
Don’t tell me where your priorities are. Show me where you spend your money and I’ll tell you what they are - James W. Frick
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never have tried to succeed. - Theodore Roosevelt
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. ~ Tony Robbins
I love you, O LORD, my strength. -Psalm 18:1
You have to do what others won't. To achieve what others don't. -Anonymous
RT @UNDP: Ndjamena: @HelenClarkUNDP,  Planning Min. Ali Issa discuss dvelopmt, Vision2025 @UNDP_Chad http://t.co/wFBXRFaqH9
Deal with the world the way it is, not the way you wish it was. - John Chambers
Successful people know the difference between patience &amp; procrastination.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.  ~ Dale Carnegie
Everything begins with an idea. ~ E. Nightingale
@judithauma61 how are you
Review your goals twice every day in order to be focused on achieving them. ~ Les Brown
RT @AmamaMbabazi: Congratulations The Cranes! Well played! I congratulate the Tanzanian team for putting up a good show too. Enjoy your sta…
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. - Dr. Seuss
Work hard to outdo yourself. Everyday. Relentlessly
If you can’t be kind, be quiet.
Surround yourself with people who lift you higher
There are people who have money, and people who are rich
Before you assume,try asking
Love the Lord your God with all your heart &amp; with all your soul  &amp; with all your mind &amp; with all your strength. -Mark 12:30
Everything begins with an idea. ~ E. Nightingale
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success ~ Stephen Covey
lord be with you comrades
The royal road to a man's heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most.  ~ Dale Carnegie
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. ~ Henry Ford
Mercy, peace and love be yours in abundance. -Jude 1:2
RT @InspowerMinds: You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.  http://t.co/6RZoMnbGyJ
If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment. -Harry Banks
See yourself doing the things you'll be doing when you've reached your goal. ~ E. Nightingale
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." - Maya Angelou
"The people who matter will recognise who you are." - Alan Cohen
"Your attitude is either the lock on, or the key to the door of success." - Denis Waitley
We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. We are spiritual beings on a human journey. -Stephen Covey
RT @BillGatesAdvice: Don't let fear make the decisions for you.
RT @InspowerMinds: My life is not perfect. But I am grateful.   http://t.co/3JkCPULgsa
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.  ~ Dale Carnegie
Let God's promises shine on your problems. -Corrie Ten Boom
RT @LifeFacts: The less you care, the better life you live.
RT @AJEnglish: Ugandan police end newspaper siege http://t.co/uoz0Xz5e3T
My life. My choices. My mistakes. My lessons. Not your business.@DailyMonitor  hehehe welcome back
Drink water from your own well - share your love only with your wife. -Proverbs 5:15
Monitor Dembe KFM finally back
RT @UKenyatta: Independent constitutional institutions including Parliament must respect the institutional plans &amp; division of mandates in …
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations. ~ W. Churchill
RT @BillGatesAdvice: Fate decides who walks into your life. You decide who you let stay, who you let walk away, and who you refuse to let w…
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thorea
RT @nickopiyo: EU Slams Govt Over Press Freedoms Violations http://t.co/g28muOhlbv
RT @Ernest_Wisdom: Top most #ugandan army Generals advise their own 'fugitive' #DavidSejusa to return home, where he belongs. #Sejusa is re…
You DON'T understand unless you're going through it yourself.
Life changes quickly, never forget who your friends are.
If you want to know something, just ask. Don't assume.
RT @tumuramyem: Police raid MIREMBE NURSERY SCH (Sch next to Monitor Publications) on its opening day afta hearing students learning LETTER…
RT @persdevquotes: Much of the stress that people feel doesn't come from having too much to do. ~ David Allen http://t.co/e4xkzNchDB
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. -Og Mandino
I trust that everything happens for a reason, even when we're not WISE enough to see it. -Oprah Winfrey
You can do anything, but not everything. ~ David Allen
It takes no time to fall in love, but it takes you years to know what love is
RT @GreatestQuotes: "Formula for success: under promise and over deliver." - Tom Peters
RT @Winnie_Byanyima: Residents block land takeover http://t.co/1VJl65FVkO  Drive 4 investments shld not displace smallholders.They feed the…
That awkward moment when someone you like talks to you and all you can do is smile like an idiot.
RT @AJEnglish: Programmes: The Vatican: A Wholly Roman Empire? http://t.co/d7ueAHpdmf
"It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believe in myself." - Muhammad Ali
If you are capable of dreaming, trust in your capabilities to make them happen. -Gonzo Arzuaga
Just because a person smiles all the time, doesn't mean their life is perfect.
All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality. ~ David Allen
RT @dfkm1970: At prayers of remembrance for Musa Mukasa, one of the Uganda Martyrs who was killed in Munyonyo. http://t.co/oQL2hCdGkJ
When you are right: No one remembers. When you are wrong: No one forgets.
For the prostitute reduces you to a loaf of bread, and the adulteress preys upon your very life. -Proverbs 6:26
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded. -Maya Angelou
We have two options, medically &amp; emotionally: give up, or Fight Like Hell. -Lance Armstrong
good night in advance&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
RT @DailyMonitor: #Oulanyah blocks motion to re-open Daily Monitor http://t.co/CaObvKKJQL via @dailymonitor
I love you God, thanks for everything seriously. ♥
@PABLO_KenKimuli @MauriceMugisha nakedness is all they enjoy?!!
You always succeed in producing a result. ~ Tony Robbins
We are held back by FEAR, not limitations | Addicted 2 Success
Never mind what haters say, ignore them till they fade away.
RT @BillGatesAdvice: Don't be afraid of losing someone who doesn't feel lucky to have you.
Instead of complaining about your circumstances, get busy and create some new ones.
NTV raided also
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure... it just means you haven't succeeded yet. -Robert Schuller
RT @BillGatesAdvice: Hate is not the first enemy of love. Fear is. It destroys your ability to trust.
The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else. ~ E. Nightingale
We're afraid, it's because we don't know enough. If we understood enough, we would never be afraid. ~ E. Nightingale
RT @QuoteSiteTumblr: Never ignore a person who loves and cares for you, because one day, you may realize that you've lost the moon while co…
Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic is new Uganda Cranes coach. The Serbian will be unveiled later this evening in Kampala
RT @newvisionwire: MPs want NAADS board put in place http://t.co/MC3URiejGj
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." - Mahatma Gandhi
@UmemeLtd WHY 2 BILLS IN ONE MONTH AM NOT A BILLIONAIRE
RT @BillGatesAdvice: Don't let your happiness depend on other people. Just like the changes in seasons, people may also have a change in he…
They shut down KFM and Dembe, the two radio stations which are owned by the Monitor’s parent company
RT @ItsLifeFact: It's hard to tell people your problems because saying it will get better or I'm sorry doesn't really help.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. -James D. Miles
When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it. ~ Paulo Coelho
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. ~ E. Nightingale
It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking. ~ Caesar
RT @JoyceMeyer: Do one thing at a time and enjoy it.
Don’t make decisions based on fear. -Jake Nickell
RT @BillGatesAdvice: If people are truly, madly, deeply in love with each other, they will find a way.
Pray, forgive yourself, appreciate others, listen to your gut, do things you enjoy, &amp; remind yourself that we are all loved &amp; connected.
The Lord knows an individual’s thoughts, and that they are futile - Psalm 94:11
To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking.
"A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business." - Henry Ford
Don't look back when you know you shouldn't. Don't stress over things that don't matter. Don't worry about people that don't worry about you
RT @BillGatesAdvice: Sometimes you can hurt yourself more than anyone can hurt you just by keeping all your feelings hidden.
RT @BillGatesAdvice: Doesn't matter how many times you've broke down. It's about how you stand up and move forward.
Unless you puke, faint, or die, keep going. -Jillian Michaels
RT @BIBLE_Love: Wisdom from above is firstly pure, then peace-loving, gentle, compliant, full of compassion and good deeds. —James 3:18
You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. ~ Dale Carnegie
"Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value." - Albert Einstein
"Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing." Warren Buffett
Dear GOD thank you for today, yesterday and tomorrow. My family, my joys, my sorrows, for all that made me stronger.
Before you pray: BELIEVE Before you speak: LISTEN Before you spend: EARN  Before you write: THINK  Before you quit: TRY Before you die: LIVE
There's always a reason to smile, so find it.
Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true. ~ Caesar
"No matter what happens, I'll always be with you. Forever."  -Pocahontas
RT @BillGatesAdvice: Life isn't about searching for a true friend, it's about being one.
To have a great idea, have a lot of them. ~ Thomas Edison
Every story has an end. But in life, every ending is just a new beginning.
Pensions Bill ready for debate
The past is where you learned the lesson. The future is where you apply the lesson, don't give up in the middle
Whatever good things we build end up building us. ~ Jim Rohn
Successful people are simply those with successful habits. -Brian Tracy
"Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love."  - Lao Tzu
"Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing." Warren Buffett
Keep Calm its almost friday.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. ~ Tony Robbins
Keep calm and mind your own business
RT @Investor_Quotes: Getting Rich At A Young Age http://t.co/KjcLS0iOuA
Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day. ~ Jim Rohn
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Mercy, peace and love be yours in abundance. -Jude 1:2
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it
From Tinyefuza to Ssejusa and now to Sijjakuja
@ntvuganda Yes if they will respect the laws in place and avoid corruption tendencies like it has previously been.
good night my comrades++++++++
The blind quest for cash is a fool's errand. ~ Tim Ferriss
Stop saying ‘I wish’ and start ‘I will”
God doesn’t give you the people you want. God gives you the people you need.
"While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity." - Publilius Syrus
Discontent is the first necessity of progress. ~ Thomas Edison
RT @patrickbitature: "Commonsense and good nature will do a lot to make the pilgrimage of life not too difficult." Somerset Maugham
When life knocks you down, try to land on your back. Because if you can look up, you can get up. ~ Les Brown
@realBussine hello
The eye of God is large. ~Maasai Proverb
Being there for people, because you know what it's like to have no one there for you.
RT @nankabirwarose: The latest food scandal  in China - rat meat passed off as lamb - has raised more  questions about food safety in the c…
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.  ~ Dale Carnegie
Before you assume, try asking.
NO WOMAN ALIVE CAN TAKE MAMA'S PLACE LOVE YOU SO
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
RT @LoveQuotes: I hate fighting with the one person who makes me smile the most.
I like thinking big. If you're going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.
When I am completely united to you, there will be no more sorrow or trials; entirely full of you, my life will be complete.
RT @ugandaupf: We have heightened patrols on Ebb RD 2 ensure safety of delegates that are coming 2 attend a C'wealth Local Govt mtg.http://…
"As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live
You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. ~ Jim Rohn
"The good news is that it doesn't cost much money to change your thinking. In fact, it can be done for free." Robert Kiyosaki
Now I believe we have a winter season in Ibanda District!!!!!
I had rather be first in a village than second at Rome. ~ Caesar
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will. ~ Mandela
RT @motivatquotes: Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. ~ Andrew Carnegie http://t.co/JOortLMDSF
RT @motivatquotes: Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. ~ Tony Robbins http://t.co/JOortLMDSF
RT @motivatquotes: Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.  ~ Dale Carnegie http://t.co/JOortLMDSF
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving. ~
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
RT @InspowerMinds: Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all. -Aristotle | Good Vibes. http://t.co/QMjEcmc5eJ
Don't find fault, find a remedy. ~ Henry Ford
RT @motivatquotes: The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. ~ Mandela http://t.co/JOortLMDSF
RT @NASA: New evidence from #NASA modeling study that global warming may increase the risk for extreme rainfall &amp; drought. http://t.co/…
Prof Gilbert Bukenya to contest for presidency in 2016 general elections.
There are 86,400 seconds in a day… but this means nothing to you if you don’t know how to use it
RT @Investor_Quotes: "Value is what you get." Warren Buffett
Make measurable progress in reasonable time. ~ Jim Rohn
RT @Mukulaa: Hon. Kadaga has finally ruled on the labelled rebel MPs. I am glad the matter has been put to rest with the MPs retaining thei…
RT @LoveQuotes: You make me smile for no reason, you make me laugh at unfunny things, but most of all, you make me love you when I shouldn'…
Bercelona need 5goals in 60minutes the Germans came with a concrete wall
The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it.  ~ Andrew Carnegie
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment."
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.  ~ Dale Carnegie
RT @patrickbitature: "Every branch of knowledge which a good man possesses, he may apply to some good purpose." Cladius Buchanan
"If you believe you're not good enough yet, then work hard to get there. Don't give up.
RT @LoveQuotes: It's so annoying that you have to stop caring about people in order for them to notice you.
Let God's promises shine on your problems. -Corrie Ten Boom
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will. ~ Mandela
@ntvuganda Yes the increase in salary will cab the bribery tendencies and not dodging court session hence quick service delivery
Apart from (ARSENAL)participating in champions and premier league and with LUCK its a twine to UGANDA CRANES EVER WISHING good luck
RT @NelsonMandela: "I would like to tell you that I also wear hearing aids, just as you do. These little instruments made a big difference …
Who exactly owns Buganda  Land
"The first rule is not to lose. The second rule is not to forget the first rule." Warren Buffett
RT @mach5team: If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. Jim Rohn
Every blessing ignored becomes a curse. ~ Paulo Coelho
If your ship doesn’t come in, swim to it.
Being defeated is often temporary. Giving up is what makes it permanent.
RT @BarackObama: “Every one of us stands with you. It’s our beloved city too.” —President Obama speaking at the interfaith service in Boston
RT @LoveQuotes: Just because I'm nice doesn't mean you can take advantage of me.
RT @rkabushenga: Africa shd 1st search 4 existing science &amp; technology tried t tested elsewhere. Harness, leverage &amp; put it to p ...
Tumukunde also
There is no substitute for hard work. ~ Thomas Edison
Strong people don't follow the crowd even if the crowd is against them.
I lost my ovaries because of post-natal sex http://t.co/baQsGyv05e via @newvisionwire
Courage is knowing what not to fear
someone with no shame comes out I cant leave with out a woman the what a hell are you doing in the church and celibacy
RT @gaetanokagwa: "@kanyindo: Seriously though, our MPs are hopeless. Just give them 5m and they'll sign anything." &lt; even 500, 000 w ...
Blessed Easter my comrades lord bless you all
RT @BBCNewsGraphics: A major advance in vaccines - @BBCFergusWalsh explains in this interactive video http://t.co/wNRXit3iPw
RT @motivatquotes: You need to make a commitment, and once you make it, then life will give you some answers. ~ Les Brown
