xoxo_laurrr
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/378800000829458099/7ba1613d0680406b927e296edf8bf321_400x400.jpeg
I think I got this tho !!! #HustleMode #WorkHardPlayHarder
I need to make shit happen.  And make shit happen fast !!!
I miss josh so much , and now can't even go see him. Idk how much more I can take.
What a way to spend my one year anniversary !! Crying and lonely.
So we need to put things in the past and work on our friendship !
Even tho I was mad at april I know I won't stay mad at her forever and I dont want to miss this pregnancy like I did with trinity !
I miss the old times so much I wanna be young again !
I need to get a second part time job. For mornings . Like three or four days a week ! Anyone know where is hiring ?
@VanessaDimattei me too !!! I love you too girl ♡
RT @VanessaDimattei: I love that me &amp; @xoxo_laurrr are getting close again :) love you girl
Omfg im going crazy sitting in this house !!!!!!
Why tf do I even bother doing anything to better my life ?! Fuck man . Nothing can ever go right .
Seriously about to change my number and say fuck EVERYONE forreal !!! I dont ever care to have anyone in my life anymore.
That's allllriigghtttt tho cause when josh comes home not a DAMN person will see or hear from me !
Dont have time for me now don't have time for me when your boyfriend finds something better to do too !
I wish one of these sooo called friends boyfriends fucks them over and they try to run to me. Cause im gonna laugh . #ByeBitch
Just got off work now time for me to take my ass to sleep. Idk if I can cause this toothache . Fuck you wisdom teeth !
And in that whole year we never broke up (: #perfectcouple #bestgirlfriend #bestboyfriend
One more month and its mine and joshs 1 year anniversary ♡
I love that im good at doing whatever I do (:
I could never forgive my mom for what she said to me.
Clearly my mom should have swallowed instead of having me . She don't even act like she has a third child.
My nephew is so sick with RSV it breaks my heart hearing him cry and cough so much :(
Fuck ittttt !!! More $$$$ and getting over time !
Who cares if we die trying to get there or coming home !
I think my company is the only stupid ass fuckin company that's still open and I have to work til 3 o'clock tonight !! Smfh
It blows my mind how guys can lie and say they fucked someone and continue about it for two years ! Grow tf up.
Like right now . I wish she wasnt at work :/
I dont care how old I get  I always want my mom with me when I'm sick to take care of me !
Four layers of clothing on with a blanket. Oh and they have no heat !!! Smfh . Yes he shouldnt be in jail but besides the point !
It really pisses me off that Hagerstown is such a piece of shit jail can't fix a fuckin window so my boyfriend has to freeze while having
Definitely not ready to go back to work tonight :/
I really hate that since symph had Zayden we never talk anymore! An I try an try to call her all the time an can never get in touch with her
Even during this situation . Its makes it 10 times worse !!!
2 more months and it will be mine and Joshs one year (: (: can't believe I made it this long with his crazy ass !!
I layer down at 10:00 to go to sleep and still haven't managed to fall asleep . Let's try this again .
Royal farms has the bestttttt chicken salad wraps !!!
RT @chay_lalala: Love mob wives
Now gonna go home and write my baby and go to sleep for work tomorrow !
Broadway diner is the shit !!!! Mmm sooo good !!!!
Words honestly can't even explain the love I have for josh. Our love and relationship is so amazing and perfect it doesn't even seem real !!
@KlimekPaul right me either. I knew your mom and mine were friends but not everyone else . Lol
@KlimekPaul yup n lol . My mom and all your aunts and your mom are good friends .
@KlimekPaul your aunt Kathy . Lol . I was just at her house. Her and my mom are good friends . Lmao.
Local @KlimekPaul i just heard stories about your crazy ass on Christmas. Lol . At your aunt Kathy's house.
She got me the cutest cheetah print bag perfume lotions and shower gel (: she knows me too well !
So thankful to have the best mother in law ever !!!
I swear if its not one thing it's another ! 60 days cell restriction now lock up :( ughhhh I'm so sick of this. This shit is soo petty !!
But time to take my tired ass to sleep it don't even feel like Christmas !
Josh needs to hurry up and come home ! Lol .
I can't wait to have a baby and be Santa for him or her !!!
He better be lucky I love him cause if it was just me driving I would have turned right around !!
Thank god I'm not the one driving !! I wouldn't be able to do it ! If I die I love you all !!
I think I may die of a heart attack before I get to see Josh.  Driving in the rain scares the shit outta me on 95 and 70 !!
Come on ravens just a field goal let me win another 50 dollars !!
Can't wait to wake up and get some McDonald's breakfast !
I'm gonna get like four damn hours of sleep ! Ughh oh welll I get to see my baby when i wake up (:
Ham and dorito sandwiches are the shit ! &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
He's never going anywhere.  I'm his heart ♡ ahhhh (:
I'm thinking all crazy last night and find out today he got is whole stomach tattooed and its all for me (:
Idk what I was thinking last night that josh was going somewhere . Lol . He ain't going a damn place (:
Ughh I miss you so much !! :( all our first holidays together are nothing . This isn't how things are supposed to be :/
@sierramist125_ I love you too cece !
@sierramist125_ needs anything at all. I've been so worried about her all day !!
@sierramist125_ awe cece this broke my heart ! You know if you ever need anything I'm a call away. Tell your mom I love her and call if she
I wish a miracle would happen and go down on market place and find it. But thats impossible it was over a year ago :/
Find it. That necklace meant more than the world to me and I wore it no matter what cause a piece of him was always with me .
The only thing I had left of my daddy :( I would like to beat the fuck outta them stupid fuckin cops for that . Wouldn't even let me try to
Wearing is the necklace I had for sooo long until them fuck face city rent a cops ripped it off of me and now is gone :(
Was just looking at old pictures and came across one of me and my daddy and sister.  And noticed the first time ever the necklace he was
I want to have a baby girl with huge dimples , dark hair and , bright green eyes !!! ♡ she would be sooo beautiful !!
I know it better not fucking snow saturday !!!!!!  If I cant go see josh I will be so fucking mad !!!!!
Idk if I'm the only one who feels that way but if so oh well .
But who gives a fuck if you weren't doing wrong in the first place you wouldn't worry about it !
I absolutely cant stand when someone says "I heard this one or that one was snitching " its so fuckin ghetto and immature.
I love my new house ! We will be fully moved in by the end of this month !
Can't wait to get all my new bedroom stuff !!! I hung up all my pictures and stuff tonight now just gotta get my bed and dressers.
Yayyy !!! My favorite mocie is on demand . Save the last dance ! My moms gonna kill me its the second movie I ordered tonight.
I love the movie something borrowed !
Lol oh yeah I forgot when I have something going on in my life that's not important and don't matter . Its all about you. Haha
Fuck this snow and ice !!!! Now I can't go see my boyfriend !!
Can't believe I'm not sleeping yet !!! Thank god I don't have to be to work til 6:30 tomorrow night !
I just have so many to buy for this year !
Idk if I want to get my mom a keurig for christmas or a bunch of other little stuff. Hmmm . Wish I was rich so I could get her everything
Rather eat them than cook a breakfast . Lol
Bob evans sausage biscuts &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; best ever !!!
Alright.  Done with my nightly tweets about my love !! Goodnight tweethearts ♡
I always wanted a relationship like I have now and I know it will get so much better when he comes home !
9 more days and he's off cell restriction !!! Cannot wait to be able to talk to him every day again ! And too see him on Monday !!! (: (: (:
Glad what we have is real and not a front for social networks ! Our relationship is soo perfect and I don't ever see that changing !
My boyfriend is my world , and even better my bestfriend . That's how all relationships should be . Sucks to be you if yours isn't !
If anyone can't see I'm head over heels in love they are crazy ! I would never leave my boyfriend for anyone on this earth ! #TrueLove
I hope josh calls in a couole hours ! I just want to tell him I love him that's it :/
Idk how I went a month without seeing him before ! Because its only been a week and two days and I feel like its been a life time !
I know he's definitely gonna be happy !
Soooo excited to see my love on monday !!!! I don't think I have ever missed him this damn much !
I miss Josh so much :( :( :( ughhhhh !!!!! :( :( :(
Fuck you Salisbury and your 160 dollar speeding ticket !!
Tried telling him he was gonna fall in love he saod I don't fall in love I make bitches fall In love.Hahaha wronnngg !! He definitely did(:
The loveeeee &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; feels so good hearing stuff like that ! Josh don't love any girls but he knows he found the right one !
His cousin is locked up with him an he had him call an his cousin said you can tell he really loves you and misses you hes going through it!
Hes so lucky that he has such an amazing girlfriend like me !! He better make it all up to me when he comes home !
Sucks that all mine and joshs first holidays together we can't spend together :( the only one was valentines day before we got together :/
Working all night and getting 3 hours of sleep does not go together !
Its really not a good thing for me to be awake right now !!! I'm in such a bitchy mood. I can't wait to go back to sleep !
Not looking forward to this 11 hours tonight ! Ready to go back to bed tonight !!
Anywaysss goodnight (: got a long day ahead of me !
I absolutely cannot wait to see josh tomorrow (:  I havent been this excited in a long time !!
I loveeer hot roast beef and gravy (: ♡ idk where my mom got this from but its sooo good !
I can't get over how long my hair is . Its so pretty (: two to three more inches til its to my butt (:
Ughh I hate being in the process of moving I go to straighten my hair and my straightener is at the new house :(
Soooo excited to finally be able to surprise josh and go see him tomorrow (:
I'm gonna end up hittin my sistera boyfriend. Lazy ass fuck acts like this is his house. And gonna try to tell me wtf to do in MY house.
Not fuckin happening ! Fuckin dirty ass bum !
I'm in my feelings today something serious !!
I hope I can get this pontiac g6 !
Had my car for a month and done dealinf with putting money out for it every other week !
I refuse not to walk away without havinf one !!
Come hell or high water I will get a new car today !!!
Anyways I better get in the shower and get dressed for work .
Its so pathetic I can even have a two minute conversation with her without getting pissed off.
I swear I can't wait til josh comes home so I can move the fuck out . Cause I really can't stand her !!!!
There hasn't been one single conversation I have had on the phone with my mom in the past 5 days that I haven't hung up on her.
Lmfao I talked to josh for a minute this morning he said you won't believe how I got on the phone. I gave the CO a twix . Lmfao.
I feel soooo sick !
I can't wait to cuddle up in my warm bed and go to sleep !
It would be nice if I got a letter today. Since you know my boyfriend is a fuckin fool and gets cell restriction again so I cant talk to him
Ughh my head and neck hurts :( I hate when I sleep the wrong way :(
I hate seeing kids look like bums cause their parents are too lazy to do anything with them !
My kid will always look presentable !! Idc if I gotta do their hair and dress them til they are 16 ! I will do it.
I hooe I have my car back tomorrow ! Its only been gone since 11 today an im hating not being able to go where I want !
RT @NaturalBadAssss: Well... http://t.co/JZYvnhITBI
And a girl would be Adrianna Jade (:
If me and josh have a son together its going to be a Jr. Because I love the name Joshua Ryan (:
And still can't get it to go no shades of a deep red it just looks all brown . And thats what color I want so bad.With some white highlights
I will never dye my hair black again. That was the worst mistake ever 3 years later still trying to get it out of my hair !
So that it all fades to be really light and won't be so bad growing out
Debating weather or not to just let my hair grow out and look crazy as hell for a littke while or keeo dying my roots light brown.
Alright . My josh tweets are over for the night.  Lmao . Just need to express my happiness to the world (:
I feel like she's my own mother. And she treats me just like a daughter.  Thats how josh knows he found a winner !
I love how close me and her are. Ivve never seenna mother and her sons girlfriend as close as me and her are. Its crazy.
Can't wait to get our picture back of Me him Mackenzie and Mrs. Shawn (:
I wouldnt be with him still to this day if I didn't know I could do it .That would bring more heartbreak just to keep our relationship going
I hate when people ask me do you think you will be able to stick it out with him all this time.Like obviously dumb fuck! I dont think I know
I really don't think he knows how much it bothers me not talking to him.
But then again it probably was the petty ass CO in there starting shit with him as usual !
I'm going crazy . Alls I want is to talk to josh and can't ! I swear I could choke his ass !!!
RT @RarestFacts: The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone. This can literally add years to your…
Another fuckin 30 days not talking to this stupid fuck . I swear he can't stay tf outta trouble !!!!
Who gives a fuck about everyone else . Do what you want and what makes you happy !
I can't stand when someone says I need to change this this and this about myself because everyone else has the same.
I wouldn't give a fuck if eveey single petson cut their hair off I would NEVER cut mine. I love my long hair !
Yayyyy our new house is ours as of today (: gonna be a longggg weekend !
My mom and dad made one prettyvass daughter (: haha
Ughhh . Straightening my hair then bed . So my boyfriend don't cry that its not straight when he sees me tomorrow.
@sierramist125_ aweee thanks Ce (: that means alot ! Love you toooo ♡ I got a new number its all the same accept last four are 0886
Me for the rest of your life ?! Lmao . He said uhhhhh I guess soo . Sike just kidding I know. Lmao
Josh said earlier your stuck with me the rest of your life do you realize that ? I saod yeah but do you realize your stuck with me and ONLY
RT @KlimekPaul: @xoxo_laurrr well Berger don't have the smallest head in the world either 😂😂
@KlimekPaul hahaha. Not even close. Lmao . Maybe closer to the biggest head. Lmao
My big headddd ♡ http://t.co/DlQrJkebKR
If houses around here were only 40 thousand dollars I'm sure I'd own my own house too . Lmao
Can't wait to cuddle up and be soo warm in my bed !
@C_jack4391 atleast they are going somewhat good. How are you ?
"@C_jack4391: @xoxo_laurrr proud of you hope everything is well." Awe thanks chris !! (: I appreciate that !! And things could be better but
The lady that works at royal farms made me chicken salad cause they ran out and this shit is sooooo fuckin good (:
Bought my own first car ,and everything that it needed/needs I did all on my own !
I did it allllll on my own . Not many 20 year olds can say that but I can bitchesss (:
I didn't think I was gonna like it too much but I love it (:
So glad I can finally drive my car ! Just need to fix some little things and it will be great (:
I have been up since 8 am yesterday.  Needless to say when my head hits the pillow I'm gonna be dead to the world !
He always says I got a pimple don't come up here.  And that when he's home and gets one he's lockin himself in the room. Bahaha  he's a fool
Josh was all scruffy today cause he didn't know he was getting a visit and had a pimple I'm surprised he didn't deny the visit. Lmao
Josh was so mad at me at our visit and looked at me and started smiling and said to April I can't freakin stay mad at her. Lol (:
I shouldn't have stayed up til 3 this morning got up at 8 and have to work til 3 in the morning. Im already dreading it !!
@symphonyfistek okayyyyyyy.. don't forget .
@symphonyfistek jade where you at call me.
RT @Cool_Tweetsss: when girls call their boyfriends daddy http://t.co/AjN1DiyLaO
Josh just told me some great newsss (: (: getting sool excited !!!
I really don't feel like getting up and dressed for work but I have too !
Definitely gonna be trying to loose weight again real soon . I want to be skinny again !
I'm not conceited , but I know I am pretty (: #SelfConfidence
I may be too late to be your first but better than your last ;)
Sooo glad I'm the most AMAZING girlfriend (: #NumberOneBitches #Irreplaceable #OneInAMillion
This phones is a terrible for me to type on I need a iphone keyboard. Lol on the galaxy.
Lmao omg that text was way fucked up ! Lmfao . Omg . Most people probably thong I'm drunk cause how fucked up my spelling is .
He is the only thing I really tweet aboit . Lol . Oh well . He's fhe only thing ever on mu mind !
I hope josh calls I just want to talk to him. I miss him so damn much !
I love my nephew being here.  I cant wait to move in 12 days and he will be with us all the time ! (:
Every time my sister comes over she goes to sleep. Smh and it makes me tired.
Ass and tits all over my TL now from @iLikeGirlsDaily . Haha .
This new twitter updatw is crazy !
Soooo sleepy ! But don't wanna sleep my day away !
Anyways goodnight ♡
Im so used to working til three in the morning which means ill sleep all day on my only day off !
I can't believe I'm still awake !! This is why I hate night shift cause I can never go to bed before four oclock. !
Oh fuckkk my life Im so damn tired !!!!!
My house is so weird without them here. Hopefully when we move in 13 days it won't be so weird anymore :/
I want my dogs back . I miss my harleh girl and lilly :(
I'm such a baby when it comes to pain . Lol
I need to get my shoulder looked at it hurts so bad :(
I really need to go to sleep !
Lmao . Smh
Wish it would have been official sooner.  Would have been a year . Smh
Happy 8 months to me and my love (:
I need to get a second job when I went back to working my 40 hours i didn't feel like I worked enough.  Lol
Uhhhh fuckkkkkk . I gotta be back to work in less than 9 hours .
Lmao my mom just woke up and said hey ! I said what she said I don't remember what I was gonna say . Lol.  #weirdo
Alright I guess its time for sleep back to work in 11 hours.
I May not have a bangin ass body but fuckkkk Ittt I got a beautiful face (: and one day ill have a pretty body too ! Lol
Soooo glad I was blessed with good looks , I would hate to be ugly !
Why the hell am I still awake ?! I need to go to sleep !
15 more days til we move in our new house !! (: (: (:
I can't wait til saturdsy night to be off work !
Time is actually going really fast ! Can't wait to have my baby home. Every day will be a good day after that (:
Can't believe its already almost been 6 months since josh got locked up . Which means only 18 more months !!!
Just thinking about it makes me soo happy . Cause I told him I don't wanna know exactly when he comes home I wanna be surprised !
Gloor at work . I hope he gets super muscles cause I just might jump on him. Lmao
I can't wait til the day I'm at work or sitting at my house and I get a surprise to my baby walking in the door or see him walking down the
I wonder what its like to be in prison . Idk if I'm weird for thinking that but I just wanna know . Lol
I should reallllllyyyy just keep my comments to myself !
Can't wait to get our picture back (:
Of course when I get sick we start working over time again .
And I have work in less than two hours :/
Sooo sleepy :/
Its crazy I felt like I was lost like something was wrong I went and seen josh and now I feel sooo much better !!
But so is he so its okay (:
Josh told me I'm gettimg a muffin top :( lmao thanks babe !
Sooo excited to go see my baby tomorrow (:
I'm so mad and upset like yesterday wasn't bad a fuckin nough.
I feel so damn sick :(
Who gives a fuck that I was throwing up all morning but let me fuckin drive an hour and a half whilw I'm throwing up . Smfh
I never thought I'd be this sad cause of damn dogs but I am !
Ahhh my dogs are leaving us today :(
So fuckin tired :(
I think josh thinks I'm super woman pr something and can make things happen in one day . Smh .
So sad we have to get rid of our dogs :/ but glad at the same time. But so sad that they don't even know that theybhave to leave us
I work in the ghetto of ghettos . Lol wnd there are deer outside my work . Smh . Thats supposed to be country shit.
But that's not gonna happen cause I have work :/
I wanna go to eastern state penitentiary !!
Oh buddy its about to start getting freezing.  !
This movie &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; not being able to stop watching it to go to sleep &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
I really can't wait til we move out of this dumb ass village !
23 more days til we move (: (: soooo excited !
Sooo sleepy I could go back to bed !
I haven't talked to josh since saturday ge betttteerr be calling today !
I cannot wait !! Not too much longer and we will be outta this shit hole ! Now just have to pack :/
Bye bye north point village !!!! So glad to be moving !!!
I miss mine and @symphonyfistek old friendship . We were inseparable :/
Soooo glad to be back to my 40 hours a week and not 60. Its gonna take some getting used too again.
Ain't it crazy to think like you have no idea where you will be in life in a month . Anything could happen and xhange your world !
RT @GottiBOY_RELL: If yu white please talk white
Sooo sleepy its about time for bed !
I could fall dead right now and she would say check her pockets. Smfh. I can't stand that shit.
My mom Is such a money hungry bitch it sickens me !
I cant even watch this game I keep falling asleep !
Give back . I guess thays a junkie for you .
Smd all these people turning into fiends that used to be friends and only know you when its pay day and want to borrow money that they never
I really need to stop caring and doing for people who could give two fucks less about me !
Everything is just pissin me off and annoying me.
This mood I'm in today &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; it's a fuck everyone and everything type of day.
@symphonyfistek a little bit after I soend some time with jace.
@symphonyfistek well idk I guesss we can just wait til next weekend. Cause it will be pointless that late. Maybe ill come over your moms in
@symphonyfistek the game ain't gonna he over til like 8:30-9 .
@symphonyfistek do you wamt to come over ? If not its okay to say no . I can come pick you up.
RT @trinsmommy3311: I missed her so much.. best friend !! @xoxo_laurrr http://t.co/T57FQPjxel
"@Libras_R_Us: #Libra never learn anything by being told, they have to find out for themselves." !!
Omg some people should be embaressed of themselves !!
I give up on teying to call @symphonyfistek . Her ass NEVER answers the phone !
Why hasn't my boyfriend called me yet :(
Be a little smarter people. Lmao .
Lmao a fake facebook just friend requested me with the name lisa but the girl in the picture is wearing a hat that says kelsey . Smh
Anywayssssss going to bed. Gooooodnightttt &lt;3
Definitely signing up for the gym ! And gonna start eating healthy I want to be skinny again !!
I just remembered that I fell outta bed. Smh. I must of been reallyyyyyy tired . Haha
Lmfaoooooo . After I fell trying to go up my steps 7 this morning and banged my head I fell outta bed. Lmfao.  Idk wth was wrong with me.
Now I know where josh gets it from ! Smh. Lmao . Me and Josh will be looking at ass' together.
Lmao. Mr. Jack was at my work tonight looking at all the girls ass' hahahaha
I get off at 2:30 and can never get to bed before 4:00 smh.
In sooo much pain :(
I wish I would wake up to a phone call :/
Better yet don't fuckin write my boyfriend at all !!!
Before you make accusations asking when someone is going to take care of their kid make sure you fuckin know its theres
I miss Zayden :( I'm gonna have to go see him tomorrow after the game !
They say you will never love someone likw your first love. That is so not true I love Josh a hundred times more than my first love .
We seriously make the best couple ever. We get along so perfect and I have never been so inlove with someone in my life.
I'm glad ill never have to worry about things being the way the used to be. I know me and josh will always be perfect !
But I work every single day and barely have time for anything.
I feel bad cause I got a letter every single day of this week and haven't sent him one since like monday :/
My world , my heart , my bestfriend , and best of all my boyfriend my love ♡♥
Gonna write my baby (: just being able to tell him how much I love him makes things so much better !
Just hwd chipotle for the first time . Mmm . Sooo good (: lol
I wish I was going to see josh this weekend :( I missss himmmm !!!!
Gonna write my love back and lay down. So dont feel good :/
RT @Libras_R_Us: #Libra are easily annoyed because they get impatient.
RT @C_jack4391: Having good hair is just a blessing lol
Anywayssssw guess I better go get in the shower and get dressed for work
Alllll my letters say lauren berger who cares . Like wth its handwriting not a damn marriage certificate. Shit is sooo damn annoying.
I don't believe nothing josh says til he proves it when he comes home. But the shit he says in there he said when he was home.
Omg this bitch is soooo annoying like woohooo he got your name tatted and he says your gonna get married. Welcome to the life of a jail gf.
Ughh another dream that josh came home :( hopefully that means something !
Why people would get married in prison is beyond me. I want my wedding to he extravagant. Not in no damn jail !
I got 3 cards , a bear and a neckla ce all in less than a week (: its thr little things that matter.The things that are made I love the most
But HE made me a necklace (: ill never take it off ! And he made sure to tell me someone tought him hoe to do it and he made it. Lol
Seriously only my boyfriend would get a card drawn up and sent to me with a vagg on the front that says I miss you wet wet. Lmfao. Omg
I feeel bad for peoole on this street who get a check in the mmail they woukd be waiting til the sun comes up yhe next day for it.!
I've never heard of someone not getting their mail until after 4 oclock . Smfh .
I want my goddamn letter !
This mail person betttttbettttter be at my door before I leave for work in the next 20 minutes. She is always so late and its so annoying
Holy shit the amount of drugs that the texas border police get it amazing ! Over 3500 pounds in one day !
Still seems like forever away. But time is going pretty quick !
But that's with no good time or parole. So hopefully it will be a lot sooner with good time and parole !
I can't believe its only been 5 months that he has been locked up :( and at most 26 more months to go !
One more freaking week until josh is off cell restriction !! Ughhh come on timeee !!!
Omg why is it always soooo cold in my house ?!
I cannot miss another day of work :(
Omg fuck this stomach bug I am gonna throw up til there is nothing left in my stomach .
Feels so good to cuddle up in my own bed ! Only if my love was here to cuddle with !
RT @RarestFacts: Marrying your best friend eliminates the risk of divorce by over 70%. These marriages are more likely to last a lifetime.
Why tf is everyone so fuckin slow when I'm in a rush and they know it. Just pick your fuckin feet up and hurry tf up !!!!
RT @CheeksForWeekz: Ass so fat, hit that from the back
RT @BestofLibra: #Libra loves hard when in love.
Ordered food with symph so gonna have a girls night with baby zayden (:
I need tocgo to slewo . I have a mean ass headache
Josh looks sooo good ! He put on sooo much weight. I can't wait til he puts on more weight. !!
Your a pathetic excuse for a friend !!!!!!
Fuck all of you so called friends that don't wanna be around cause I don't drink.Idc if its my birthday or not thats not gonna make me drink
I'm in a fuck everyone mood !
This is such a miserable birthday m out at dinner and can't stop crying cause I miss josh so much and wish he was here.
Its my fucking birthday and my mom just has to fight with me . Just shut tf up.
I don't feel like getting dressed for work :( or even going to work . Ughh
RT @chay_lalala: Do not feel like getting ready
Can't wait to see my love tomorrow !
I loveee my hair !
I cant wait to get married one day !! I'm going to make sure its the most beautiful wedding !
Happy birthday to my boyfriends amazimg mother !! She's the most hard working woman I know and deserves the best !!!
"@KlimekPaul: @xoxo_laurrr haha thank you I'm SOOO excited!!! Feb 22nd is the due date 😊😊😊" awee yayy (: and your welcome !
@KlimekPaul oh yeah and congratulations on being an uncle (: I had no idea !
RT @GottiBOY_RELL: All yall couples 👫 that argue over twitter 💻 yall fucking stupid 💯
@KlimekPaul @steve_mapp laughing . I said ohhhh now I know where you go when its late at night and I'm not with you . Lmao
@KlimekPaul @steve_mapp lmaom yes yous areee !!!!! I will never forget the night you called josh we were about to go to bed I was dying
He just better stay faithful so @KlimekPaul and @steve_mapp no late night phone calls when he gets home to go to the city ! Lmfao
But that's just him and that will never happen so that don't matter .
He would have done fucked 100 bitches by now. Lmao.
You will never even hear of me speaking to another guy like that or nothing. Now I know if that was josh out here it wouldn't be the same
I'm soooo sooo glad I'm 110% faithful and know I never have to doubt myself if Ill be able to stay that way throughout this time.
I wish I was one of them people that didn't need sleep. No matter how much I sleep its never enough .
Tonight and tomorrow left of work then I'm off for three days (: (: that so exciting for sincr I normally work 6 10's . Lol
I love you Joshua Ryan ♡♡♡
Today makes 7 months for me and my loveee. (: it feels like forever tho !
I reaaaalllllllyyyyy don't feel like going to work today.
My birthday is in 3 days and I'm not even excited for it . Or doing anything . Smh
Lmao i told josh I was coming to break Josh out of prison since the government "shut down" to tell the CO'S have his stuff ready. Lol
Josh went for parole hearing today.  I hope its good news !!!!!
RT @2HighTy: If we together imma try &amp; encourage you to do better !
Why is my mom not answering the ohone ?! She's never not home right now and I can't get ahold of her !
Especially when I didn't get off til 5 this morning.
Sooooo fuckin tired !!! I can't wait to come home and go back to sleep.  Fuck you Saturday work !
"@KlimekPaul: You really never know how your actions can effect other people" !!!!
Cause the shit tastes like its been aotting there for years.  Smh. I dont even eat the food I just want q normal damn tea.
Everytime I go to get a sweet tea from McDonald's the shit is fuckin disgusting and I have to tell them give me a new one.
Can't wait to have three days off next week come on Thursday and friday is my birthdayyyyy (: even tho I'm still a baby. Lol
600 dollars for a new windshield on my car . Smh .
Hopefully in an hour I will wake up to josh calling me !!
I need to go to sleep. I cant wait to cuddle up in my warm blankets I'm freezing !
"@Libras_R_Us: #Libras are the type who wants to contribute to their lover's success." I will(: of him bein clean an not going back to jail!
Although I wish the days wpuld be 12 hours long that means josh would be home in half the time (:
I neeeed to go to sleep . I have work in less than 10 hours and just gpt home 2 hours ago . Smh. Not enough hours in a day !
@steve_mapp oh okayyyy. Wellll have a good day at work stevee O .
@steve_mapp wth you doing awake ?!
RT @steve_mapp: @xoxo_laurrr didn't I talk about this shit lmfao
@steve_mapp hahaha. I swear after I got it done I thought about our conversation.  Haha. No 20's were given out tho. Lmao
The black people at my work make fun of the other black people. Smh.
My birthday is in 9 dayyys (: not that I'm doing anything special !
He said well yeah.Lol.I actually got to talk to him for longer than a minute tho (: but was half asleep I barely remember our conversation.
Josh has called me the past two mornings at 5 sneaking on the phone.Lol .He says good morning I said you mean goodnight I just went to sleep
@WildBoyTay lmao . There's no kinda about it.
@WildBoyTay hahaha . Forreal tho I really am a good ass driver !
"@WildBoyTay: Never met a girl that can actually drive... never safe as a passenger" excuse me I'm a good ass driver !
I'm gonna be so tired at work tonight. I didn't get nooo sleep Saturday or last night. Ughhh . Is it 3 oclock yet ?!
Josh mandatories out in 27 months. And he earns good time sooooo hopefully he will be home in less than 2 years !
Man fuck you traffic been sittinh here for like an hour I just wanna see my boyfriend !!
RT @trinsmommy3311: My a1s :) @xoxo_laurrr http://t.co/KZJ6v9CkfL
RT @trinsmommy3311: Trin &amp;* jace ♥♡ @xoxo_laurrr http://t.co/PXgTAjOHLS
I don't even know how Iade it to the ocean last night.  We left at 4 and I was sooo damn tired !
Josh ruined the damn surprise ! Ughh I'm gonna kick his asssss ! Lol
Bout to drive to the ocean at 3 in the morning.  What am I getting myself into . Lol
RT @KlimekPaul: @xoxo_laurrr lmao conjugal visit...anythings possible 😂😂
RT @KlimekPaul: @xoxo_laurrr @steve_mapp haha we miss our baby boy too!!!
@steve_mapp I would have him call you but he's on 30 day cell restriction ao he can't use the phone :/
RT @steve_mapp: @KlimekPaul @xoxo_laurrr oh yea I miss my boy
Er he got mine. Lol
Can't believe I did it !! The heart is fucked up it needs fixed it but oh well he will be happy i got it 5 months aft http://t.co/7tMeo1cHbN
@KlimekPaul @steve_mapp lmao . I will make sure I tell him monday (:
@KlimekPaul @steve_mapp okay I'm sure he will be sooo happy to see you guys !! He misses the shit outta you's !
Only ones who keeo him out of trouble !!
The only friendw josh is allowed to have when he comes home is Steve , Paul and Kyle. Not cause I want to control him but cause they are the
@KlimekPaul the same times.
@KlimekPaul fridayFriday's and mondays 8-2 and the saturday days and sundays are only the even day of the weekend. If that makes sense .
@KlimekPaul you need to take your ass up there and go see him ! He's on 30 day cell restriction :( but can still get visits.
@KlimekPaul right now. Lmao. That would make my year !
"@KlimekPaul: @xoxo_laurrr lmao conjugal visit...anythings possible 😂😂" lmao the things I would do to be able to get a conjugal visit
@KlimekPaul lmfao !! Haha thats not possible right now. But a tattoo . Lol .
Like I shouldn't be thinking about that kinda shit . Lmao
Thinking about the past &lt;&lt;&gt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&gt;&gt;
I did something I said I will NEVER do but oh well I love my boyfriend ♡
Realllllyyyy don't feel like working today . 6 days a week 10 or more hours a day is kickin my asssssss.
I said do I look it she said yeah I said uhm well I'm not but if I was it ain't none of your nosey ass' business !
This old ass bitch really just asked if I was pregnant.  Smfh . I'm not that big !!
Ughhhhh I'm just soooo mad !!!!
Ughhhhhhhh !!!! I really hope I can see josh sunday :/
RT @RarestFacts: 25% of the total population of world daydreams about having sex at any given time of the day.
My hair stayed perfect all night long . When I got off work it looked like I just did it (:
I feel like a mother trying to get my child up for school . But only I'm trying to wake my mother uo for work so I can go to sleep !
Two more weeks til my birthday !! (: (:
Don't be idiots people !
2 houses getting raided and just seen on my way home 3 people pulled over and getting locked up . Smh
If your are dealing or buying drugs in north point village you will be caught. There are narcs everywhere 5 people locked up in one day
I'm so tired of watching people sit back and get shit handed to them and I bust my ass working and cant get shit !! Ughhh
I've been driving myself crazy lately !!
And haven't talked to josh since 7 oclock yesterday :(
Today is not my day. Find out I can't get the car I want so its gonna be even longer til I get one have to leave work cause my head.
I miss josh so fuckin much its unreal . I just want to talk to him :( :( :( :(
There should only be abojt 656 days left til he's home (: it sounds like forever but time is starting to go quick!
But speaking of money he needs to call so he can give me some (:
Bahahha.  He would take it and run !!! Lmao . NOONE would ever see him again.
If I won the powerball I'd give whoever I had to 2 million dollars to get josh out !! Lol but I wouldnt tell him I had the money !
I need tp go to slerp . I hate getting off work so late.
@cantrell_jeremy got a ticket for being in another cell about to get a tattoo and is probably going to lock up .
It could be weeks until I get to talk to him again :/
I'm so mad at him . But I miss him to much to yell at him . Lol . If that makes sensee. I actually cherish the time I can talk to him cause
Which means we have to fuckin talk thrlugh glass once again !!!! Waste of fuckon hour and a half drive !
Ofcourse as soon as I'm about to get my car joah gets a ticket and might go to lock up :( ughhhhh !!!!!!
"@trinsmommy3311: Glad shit is looking up for me and @xoxo_laurrr . We deserve this shit !" Yes we doooo !!!
RT @trinsmommy3311: Glad shit is looking up for me and @xoxo_laurrr . We deserve this shit !
RT @trinsmommy3311: @xoxo_laurrr trin is going to.. Can't wait to get away.
RT @trinsmommy3311: @xoxo_laurrr and the parents make it so much worse.. Smfh !
Hopefully I wake up to a phone call :/ I hope my love is okay . So not like him to not call all day long !!
Anyways on the note I'm gonna go to bedddd !
My kids will never fuckin act like that ! Thwy will live in a closet their whole life !!
This generation is soo fucked and the parents allow ot and act just like the kids !
Fuckin pathetic !!! So sick of seeing little ass girls acting like they are from the hood ! Bitch your from dundalk not the fuckin hood !!
Omg Facebook and instagram make me fuckin sick now !!!! Grow the fuck up children !!
Can't wait to see him I miss his smile and dimples they are my favorite (:
Besides he old drug problem he is perfect (:
There was never a day I went without seeing him . He honestly is the best thing that has ever happened to me &lt;3
I miss when he used to make me breakfast in bed , and just lay there all day and watch movies :(
Was an ass hole. Then he came home and we were together everyday and fell in love (:
I'm so amazed of how sweet and great of a guy josh is ! Knowing him three years ago I never thought he was that type. I always thought he
I can say I'm a hard ass worker ! Work until my hands bleed.lol . Literally !
My body literally cant handle it ! My hands wrists and arms hurt so bad to the point I'm in tears.
Noooo wayyy I can work today. So I guess ill take my day off today and work tomorrow. During the game :/
I should work sunday too but I need a day off !
@Realdyl14 bahaha. Whoooopsss.
If you get a completely correct apelled sentence out of me you will be lucky !
Lmfao . I swear I cannot text on this phone ! I've had it for a month. I'm too used to an iPhone !
@Realdyl14 oh lmfao . I seen you said something about plannimg vacation . And thought you were saying ome of the two. Haha.sorry
"@BestofLibra: #Libra has a good chance for a healthy marriage because they communicate well and compromise."
"@Realdyl14: Somewhere where its sandy, cali or Miami" miami is the best !! Go there !
And still have four hours of work left !!
Omg I can't stop throwing up :( :( :(
Fuck work today . I really don't want to go. But I refuse to call out . So I will be miserable at work . And make money then sleep ! Lol
I need to go get a shower !!
I bust my fuckin ass at work 10 hours a day 6 days a week !! I will get a day off idc what you say !!
Josh keepa saying work satytday and sunday. NO !!! I'm tired. Ita easy for you to say cause you can sleep when you want
Damn I'm so tired . My body aches sooo bad ! And I just want to be off work three more days left !
Just what I want to do this fucking morning.  Walk home from royal farms cause my moms 6 month old car won't start fucking great !!!
I wish my baby would call !! :/
My bed was soooo comfortable !
I'm so tired I don't want to wake up :(
I juat can never go to sleep right when I get off work !
I better get to sleeo before my mom eakes up for work and wants me to go to the store for her. Lol
Hes too damn spoiled ! That's gonna change when he gets home cause he WILL be spoiling me (:
And he NEVER wears basketball shorts outside the house. You would be lucky to see him in sweatpants on the streets !
I told him what I said about getting shoes an no clothes he said yup I damn sure would. Shitt give me some basketball shorts and ill be good
Lmao . Only my boyfriend would write I'm gonna take my CUTE ass to sleep in a letter. Haha. Thats why I love him (:
"@Libras_R_Us: #Libra are picky with those they choose for a relationship."
RT @kaaylanorth: Girls, seriously, if you blend your eyeshadow I PROMISE your makeup will look 10x's better
Damn I thought today was wednesday. Smh :/ bummmmerrrr
Wahhhhhhhhh :(
@Caseycavvvv with joshs mom called the mail bag in cherry hill .
Tonight has just been sooo aggravating !!!
I need to go to sleep !!!! So I don't sleep all day before work tomorrow.
You dont know others stories or reasons why they do it. Therefore you have no place to say anything at all !!!
Nothong pisses me off more than someone talking about abortion . You habr no fuckin idea unless you have been in that situation !!!
Back to workkk it is !  Can't wait to get my bigggggg check this week (:
RT @KlimekPaul: “@xoxo_laurrr: I wonder why guys love girls thay swallow over a girl that spits . Lol” don't matter to me as long as I'm ge…
@KlimekPaul lmao . You would !!! Haha .
I'm just sitting here like I ha ve nothing better to do and don't have to leave for work in 25 minutes !
Its crazy to think that we all were once babies growing in our mothers stomachs !
I hate textin on this phone. I always fuck up words and never fix it. Lol
And how much I hate the judgr for making me wait two years ! Lmao
I'm not a typical girl . I think more like a guy.  All i think about is sex.
RT @stephanieroub: "@xoxo_laurrr: I wonder why guys love girls thay swallow over a girl that spits . Lol"  spitting is unlady like 😉
I wonder why guys love girls thay swallow over a girl that spits . Lol
I guess he don't want any clothes . Just walk around naked with shoes on.  Sad part is he would . Haha
Josh said he wants 10 pairs of shoes for when he comes home and he will be good . Lmfao . Is that all ? Just 1000 or 2 worth f
Of shoes ?!
20 months and counting down !!! Come on time hurry up !!!!
Shitttt I never even thought he would have another girlfriend ! Mr. Player found a good catch (:
3 years ago when I met him I NEVER thought he was who I would end up with or fall in love with !
I love Josh So much it's unreal . Whenever he calls I never want to hang up and just the feeling I get is soo amazing &lt;3
@AmiyahsMommy18 I couldn't fit no more names in the tweet ass hole !
I can't wait to have one of my own !
There are sooo many babies that mean so much to me ! My nephew Jace and my bestfriends babies Zayden and Trinity and my Goddaughter jenna &lt;3
RT @XSTROLOGY: #Libra is the coolest and chilled out sign in the Zodiac. That is, if you're still friends and haven't ended things over som…
I picked Zayden up and he smiled (: he already loves his Aunt Laur Laur !
@hannxorose I seen hiw twin last night then ! Lol
@hannxorose does your dad work ar barton cotton ?
I think convertibales are soooo ugly !
Awe I can see the fireworks for the ravens from my work wish I was there ! Wahhhhh
Nfl mobie is gonna be my bestfriend tonight at work !!
Two more dayssss !!!
I love Mrs Shawn being my boss (: she gives me an extra 10 minute break.  Lol
Work work work . Thats all I do ! But money is the motive !
Only a few more weeks and ill have a car yayyyyy ! And I can go swe my baby . Its been almost three weeks since I've seen him !! Ughh
Too bad we have to wait atleast two years :( :(
I was on the phone with josh will I was at the hospital with symph last night . He ssid I want a baby so bad.
Omg omg (: (: (:
Omg soooo beyond excited right now !!!
"@BestofLibra: #Libra's are very loyal." Sooooo true !!!
I hope josh can call today :(
I'm soooo bored !!!
@trinsmommy3311 you gotta unblock me off instagram . Lol
I told @trinsmommy3311 i writw things in my letrer she don't even know existed. Ahaha ;)
I wish I could go see him this weekend ! I miss hom sooo much :/
All my life consists of now is work and josh !
Three days down three more to go !!
I can never spell a full scentence correctly to save my life on this phone ! I'm too used to my iPhone !
You knownits bad when my mom os telling me not to work Saturday.  Lol
I've done a complete turn around with my life ! So proud of myself.
And I tell him EVERYTHING , so not like hea not gonna find out dummy !!
My boyfriend means the world to me and no mother fucker out here is worth my relationship . Just give up !
This time around NOONE that associates with him will get it. Clearly I have a boyfriend I am 100% faithful and NOONE will change that !
I am gonna have to change my number.  A certain someone blowing my shit up tonight when they aren't supposed to have my number.
I know my mom has to be proud of me working 10 hours a day 6 days a week . Cause that's not like me. I'm actually proud of myself !
Finally off work (: go home eat sleep and do it all over again .
Wonder where ms shawn is ? I hope she woke up !
@symphonyfistek I'm gonna call you when I get out the shower. Gotta tell you something.
Well he was a drunk ass hole once and tried saying we weren't together then the next morning we were fine . Lol . So that don't count.
LRT that's me and josh (: we have never broke up in 6 months !
RT @RarestFacts: Couples who remain together after 8 to 10 months of dating without even once breaking up are more likely to get engaged.
Ughhh shower timeee . And back to work it is :/ is it Sunday yet ?!
But goodnight tweeters (:
Thats why I hate prison . Dumb ass phone lists !!
Josh better call me tomorrow !!!! I haven't talked to him in two days !! And there's a lot I need to talk to him about.
My moms booty call is coming over tomorrow she said getting on my fuckin nerves . Mother fucker . Bahahah
Work hard , play harder ;)
I need to go to bed.  I've been home from work for almost an hour now. These 58 hour weeks ginna wippppeee me outtt !
Why is everyone becoming strippers ?! Lol
Running thia retarded ass machine at work . This is gonna be a long night I can see ! Lol
I just woke up an hour ago and think I'm gonna take a nap before work .
Rpyal farms breakfast sandwiches &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Some guy just said on tv I'm in jail just for killing my daughter . Wtf . Smfh
I hope I'm sorting tonight cause I really don't feel good and dont want to br running around.
Its one in the afternoon and I feel like its 6 in the morning.
Soooo tired !
I need to start looking for cars that I want !
As soon as I get home tonight I'm going to sleep ! I just can't fet motivated to get out of this bed .
I'm just soooooo comfortable for once .
I have to leave for work In a half hour and I still haven't got outta bed. Smh
Got new shoes today (: and phone case !
She's like a second mother to me , I know josh loves that ! Cause she isnt normally like that with people.
Just had the biggest laughing session with ms shawn ! I'm so glad me and her are as close as we are !
Brand new phone not even a week old.  Fuckin ghetto bum ass mother fuckers. Try on shoes stand up and its gone.
East point mall just almost got crazy if I wouldnt have found my found . Someone stole my phone and I startef goimg crazy they sat it down
Allllll day today I didn't talk to him. That's not normal . I hope he's okay !!
Wonder why josh hasnt called :(
So proud of myself ! Think I might work Saturday too and get 10 more hours overtime !
I run an 18 slot machine at work , I've only been working for 4 days and it took me not even a day to learn it. #DamnImGood ;)
My nephew laughs in his sleep . Its the cutest thing ever !
I work magic when it comes to putting my nephew to sleep. And putting him down after he's asleep. Anyone else wakes him up. Lol
I'm hungry but don't wanna eat . Smh.
My body is soooo worn out !!
LRT bahaha
"@UnbelievableSex: Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich."This is definitely josh
If I want to come home and relax I fuckin can. You sit on your lazy ass allllll fuckin day for the last 10 months. If I wanna watch tv I am!
My sister thinks cause she comes home that she can run shit. Not happening bitch go back to your boyfriends.
My check is gonna be soooo much (: I love making money.  Ill have a car in nooo time !
10 hour days next week ?! Illl take that ! Over time means more mullllahhhhhh !
@symphonyfistek lol. I was on wise ave too they gave me a warning but a ticket for not having my license.
@symphonyfistek yeah . Lol.  Doing 46 in a 30 . Thats not even bad . Lol.
I just want to talk to josh . I haven't talked him but for 5 minutes in two days :(
Now I will have my own money and she dont have to pay for me anymore. Lol
When she leaves work I'm leaving for work , and when I get home she's sleeping.
I know my mom is probably loving life , I'm working now an she never has to deal with me !
Twoooo more hours ! My legs need to get used to this shit. Not working for a month and a half made me a pusss. Lol
Can't wait to be off work.my legs are killing me !
Anyways goodnight Im exhausted !
Not too skinny but not as big as I am now ! I feel HUGE !
I need to start going to the gym , and stricly drinking only water I want to be thin again.
From here on out its work work work. Next week it will be 4-2 or 6-4 . Over time means more $$$$$$ !!
Joshs mom is the best , me and her are so close and I never expected it to be like that. But I'm glad it is !
Fuckkkkk you torn meniscus !
Soooo glad to be working again !
Bedddd time for meeeeee !
Omgggg my knees and legs are killing me im not used to working and standing on my feet all day !
