ElaElle
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1659190228/297272_10150347153067324_619232323_10212932_2164637_n_400x400.jpg
Getting my Halloween decorations up a little early this year.  http://t.co/b9GpJOjp
Oh corgi puppies, the joy you bring into my life is immeasurable.
Thanksgiving is over and I'm ready for Christmas, fuck yea.
My mom wants to make enchiladas for Thanksgiving. We're Italian.
Selling toys and wearing a Christmas sweater. Do I care if it's not even Thanksgiving yet? Fuck. No.
Holy crap, once again I forgot Twitter exists. Ahhh social networking.
Tired of hanging out alone at the house, kind of thought that's what roommates are for. Not when they have someone to fuck evidently.
Once again, forgot twitters exists. But I'm cuddling with my baby kitten, so who gives a fuck about twitter?
Forgot twitter exists.
The cutest kitten in the world is layin' on my lap.
Dio is dead and I'll never get my chance to make sweet love to him.
I made it down the coast in seventeen hours pickin' me a bouquet of dogwood flowers and I'm a hopin' for Raleigh, I can see my baby tonight.
So practice gave me a ripped off finger nail, a black eye and two new bruises. Good practice.
I want a hamster and I will name him Peregrin Took, Pippin for short.
Not a good day.
My body is literally falling apart, nothing else could possibly go wrong at this point.
I was born to be a fiddler in an old time string band, my baby plays the guitar, I pick the banjo now.
Slayer Delilah now exists at ACDerby.com along with the current LSA roster. So. Freaking. Stoked.
Once school is done I have to start packing...ugh.
My foot is killing me.
And damn dumb bitches.
No one upsets my girl and gets away with it! Rant rant rant! Dumb bitches.
Exhausted. In every sense of the word.
Back in Denton.
Fuck my night.
Being home is exhausting sometimes.
Angela is wearing her new dress and she feels fantastic in it.
Angela wants to wear her new dress so she can feel good, because right now she does not feel good.
Bought myself a damn purty dress.
Sad day.
Ooooh haha alrighty then.
What's a j?
"Get me a pillow case! I'm joinin' the klan!" - Dave Chappelle
So tired, so very tired.
Only two more weeks left before dead week and then my semester will be over. Three more like this and I graduate, hot damn.
You gotta see this team photo, I just put it up on my myspace haha.
Best thing I've ever been told: I didn't know you were packing such a righteous rack, Slayer!
Angela will no be participating in 420, she will be working.
I'm fairly certain at this point I'll be moving back to Seattle once I graduate, there's not so much for me in Texas.
Holy shit. RIP Alex.
Absolutely exhausted and there's a rough week ahead.
So stoked to have have won the bout last night! Thank you Bob, Ted and Ayrton for showing up to cheer me on. :]
Well you're down in Austin with your reggae music, next time you'll have to come.
Roller derby tonight, Ayrton and Daniel are coming to cheer me on. Gonna be a good time.
Workin' on this research proposal but after that it's hanging with the amazing Ayrton.
I like fruit punch when you miss it with that sweet nectar of the gods, everclear.
Forgot my notes for class. Bought the wrong size shirt. Still getting texts from the asshole. Got a painful bruise. Brilliant.
Rob! That's fantastic!
You don't even know. Some boys are fucking crazy and I'm done messin' with crazy.
My ex-boyfriend wants me to marry him. He dumped me 3 years ago.
If I get one more call from that fucking asshole I will reach through the phone and strangle him. I don't give a fuck about your regrets.
I don't want to be up right now.
If you're laughing at me, you best watch out. You'll be rolling me around soon.
I'm gonna get me some fucking ice cream and get really fat, then bitches can just roll me around.
Well that was fucking brutal. Fuck this.
By a 99 cent store she closed her eyes and started swaying, but it's so hard to dance that way when it's cold and there's no music.
Great night, great morning, hopefully the rest of the day is just as good.
Cleaning the apartment and then doing laundry. My hands smell like engine oil and I can't figure out why...
I'm feeling super tired of all this drama bullshit and I would just like to sit at home with a fucking cup of tea and get a back massage.
This is one bar wench pirate that is gonna turn some freakin' heads at Scarborough Faire tomorrow.
Not having a good day anymore, not at all.
D:
Bob, be careful with your eyes!
Roller derby bout. Saturday the 17th. Doors open at 7pm. BYOB. Be there or else I'll strap my skates on and kick your ass.
Fuck college, cardboard box commune here I come.
Kaelin can play his guitar and Aryton and I'll learn to make food over a trashcan fire and Bob and Rob, you just do what you do.
It totally is! Let's all make a box commune and we can all live together.
Box house. Yessss.
I am not getting braces again. The orthodontist can suck it.
Busy, stressful week.
My Easter package from my parents was stolen. This is a huge bummer.
I'm thinking about cutting my hair kind of short, would this look totally awful? I'm not quite sure.
I hate being sick alone.
Ayrton!
I love gettin drunk with Yarton, that bitch makes me happy haha. Drunk!
Printing in the lab then I'll be making lasagna. So delicious.
Makin' Grandma Antoinette's tomato sauce for my lasagna.
I love being able to wear bathing suit tops and not bras because the weather is so freakin' nice outside.
Stressing out hardcore and I do not enjoy it.
Can't wait to make the lasagna for Ayrton's potluck this weekend, gonna be making that bitch from scratch. Hellz yea.
Feelin' sick, tonight's gonna be one of those night's where my hernia wants to be a bitch.
Haha I'm gonna be wearin' it for a photo shoot next weekend, there will be pictures.
What, who can't you believe?
Got my Teal cocktail dress and I look damn fine it.
Super stoked because my cocktail dress for the derby photo shoot is gonna arrive today!
I am on a roll with school this semester.
My brain is wired, got a lot of shit to think about, but I should sleep...
Fried Pickles + Bob =Success
I'm not sure, so I want to make sure I have enough. A couple bucks?
Haha I'm about to go drive to Chicken Express and get some, I'm looking for change in my couch for real.
I'm gonna hold you to that, I want me some fried pickles.
I think you should bring me some, that sounds like a good idea.
I want some freakin' fried pickles.
I'm hungry and I really want some freakin' lasagna.
Blue lips, blue veins, blue the color of the planet from far, far away. Blue the most human color.
Nightswimming deserves a quiet night.
Insecurities, dude, I shouldn't have them. I know I'm the shit haha.
Fuck that shit, I am damn fine. I know it.
Chillin' with Ayrton, that girl makes the world a better place. Like ice cream.
Best ice cream ever = Ben and Jerry's.
Thanks, dude, I'm gonna get me some ice cream and make the world a better place haha.
I'm kind of bummed, but I'll deal with it.
Best compliment ever received from Miss Ayrton Chapman: "Angela, you have a 50s movie star face!"
Going freakin' camping with Ayrton, Ted, Kellie, and Daniel. Heck yes, kids, heck yes.
Went to bed late, woke up early, drove Bob home. Now I wont be able to get back to sleep, freakin lame! But I have toast.
Busy day today, but tonight I'm gonna be at Ayrton's. Partying. Heck yes.
Fantastic haha.
Would you be willing to help me find a baby and a alcohol?
Hmm... I could, but where would we find a baby?
See a movie, get a drunk, eat lots of food, punch a baby. Maybe not that last one.
Wants to freakin' do something tonight, why doesn't anyone want to do anything?
@BoB_Nasty Spring Awakening is one of my favorite musicals haha.
Would anyone be willing to buy a $35 ticket to see Spring Awakening with me next week on Thursday?
Ordered my cocktail dress for the LSA photoshoot, I'm gonna look fine. Oh heck yes,
Well... tonight is just not going as well as I would've liked.
Partying it up on Friday with Ayrton, heck yes.
So that block I took last night has screwed up my hip joint, walking sucks haha.
I was at practice, took a hit, fell down, did a somersault backwards and popped up again to continue jamming. That's how we do it LSA style.
@Nigga_Nasty You know what makes work better? Punching customers in the face. I'm not sure I would suggest trying it though.
@eloquentXI I love youuuuuu. Why have I not seen your beautiful face all semester?
I suppose I'm disappointed with myself.
Frankly, it's ludicrous to have these interlocking bodies and not well, interlock.
Went to the doctor's again today, now they say i have a jaw problem? FML. I'm tired of these random medical conditions.
I'm second guessing myself like crazy, at least one learns from mistakes or so I'm told.
Hey @americanexpress I want to be with Coco in Dallas. Pick me! http://bit.ly/bEUqsh #amexConan
Back In Cypress visiting family, going on dates with a pretty awesome guy, had nightmares last night. Update complete.
I look cute today. Yes, yes I do.
Writing about the use of female empowerment through spectatorship within the context of the story The Company of Wolves. Grand.
The woods are lovely, dark and deep but I have promises to keep and miles to go before I sleep.
I would really like to go take a nap, I would also really like the weather to turn bad so I can reschedule my tutoring session tonight.
MOAB paper arrived today, oh how beautiful you are inkjet paper of the gods.
Forgot about Scarborough Faire in April, I can't bring myself to look forward to it at all. I feel rather indifferent. That's not right.
Mom's going to bed, Dad's out with the guys, little brother is at an 8th grade party and I'm alone wishing I was drinking.
I forgot how lonely being home can be.
Oh my god, would you stop calling me randomly late at night as a desperate ploy to get my attention, you're pathetic.
I am home for the holidays.
Made it into the photo program and onto a roller derby team. Life is rockin'.
I have handed my fate over to the photo gods, be they ever so merciful.
I'm an official Lone Star Assassin skating for Assassination City Roller Derby. Heck. Yes.
Last night was pretty epic, huzzah for being able to drink again.
I don't do black friday shopping, I'd rather buy things full price then wade through that mess.
This waking up at four in the morning because I'm sick business has to stop. Like right now.
I'm excited about you.
My favorite tea cup broke. this is disastrous.
Sometimes I really wish I knew how to be more feminine.
I am incredibly confused by my newly developed attraction to military men...
Woke up this morning more sick than I've been all semester thanks to my stomach, had to cancel coffee get together.
You're not into me, that's alright.
I now have a Friday coffee get together, potentially a coffee date. We'll find out.
I've been informed that I have an "underlying Texan" in me. I am from Seattle. However, I come from a long line of rocky mountain farmers.
Constant embarrassment and harsh self-criticism combined with a giddy sense of anticipation. Yes, this feels like a crush.
Instead of flirting, why doesn't everyone just say what they mean? That seems so much more logical.
10:16pm. I retire for the night and will finish this tomorrow.
7:26pm. The tears begin.
Take it while it comes 'cause it don't last long, hesitate and the moment's gone.
I'm going to kick you in the balls next time I see you because you deserve it.
I would like someone to love me and take care of me when I'm sick like my dad does when I'm home. I want to be home.
I'm feeling much better today about all this bullshit.
Acid reflux disease you are a bitch. Insurance company you are also a bitch for first making me take useless medicine.
I hope you trip and fall and something tragic happens to your manhood!
I would like it if you spoke to me. You wont.
I think you're an asshole.
Russel Crowe is a sexy, sexy devil of a man.
Had an interesting morning. First ride in an ambulance and first time at the ER with Xan.
Had a great time at practice, rollerderby girls rock your face.
I'm disappointed that the things that used to define who I was are no longer enjoyable.
Johnathon. You are a complete and total personality lacking asshole. No one cares.
You're my very best friend in the world, without you I would be utterly alone. I can't believe you tried taking your own life.
First photo project of the semester was a success.
I have no idea what to do.
This weather makes me miss Seattle, but for some reason it also makes me anxious for a future I'm looking forward to.
Is clearly brilliant.
I'm in my fort and you are way jealous.
My drunk boyfriend just texted me to tell me I'm "everything good and warm."
Coil pots are perhaps the pottery of Satan.
Billy has died.
Fuck it. I want those cowboy boots and I don't care what you think!
Prematurely stressing over entry review.
I feel like a freakin' emo kid.
I miss you.
I just want to curl up and sleep for a long time.
Ceramics will rock your face. Yessss.
Didn't sleep well, haven't slept well in awhile.
From now on when I drink I am not allowed access to my phone.
This should not be called a period. It should be called an exclamation point because my uterus is pissed at me!
Enchiladas again tonight. Heck. Yes.
I want my Air Conditioning back!
With all I have left in my very last breath I will call your name.
My 13 year old brother has a facebook. What has the world come to?
I'm back in Denton, Donald's gone and I've got enchiladas to make.
Moving back to Denton tomorrow, things are about to change.
I'm a liberally prone pagan art student in love with a conservative republican Texas redneck who wears cowboy boots and wranglers.
No more working for technology, freakin' sweet.
More packing. What the hell am I doing with my life?
@XANimo Hahaha! Yous gonna sneeze to death. :]
"Where did your Christ come from? From God and a woman! Man had nothing to do with Him." - Sojourner Truth
I found a mouse living in a desk at work, I've named him Humphrey. This means I'm emotionally attached. If he dies I will cry.
If my bed doesn't fit in the back of Donald's car then I'll just have to sleep on the couch for a few weeks.
Captain Daniel Gregg is the ghost for me. Rex Harrison, you were a handsome devil.
Saturday night and I'm home alone with my cat, if I adopt a couple more in a few years I could be a bonafide cat lady. Exciting.
