Tessa_Ezekiel
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/723182195/26723_108963655785413_100000153361175_228881_2783642_n_conew1_400x400.jpg
RT @DreamPennyStock: $TDEY- Mega Stock in the making. Watch out for the blue skies break out. Reversal Alert. IOS Application news any day …
Precisely one hour from now...
Another one hour to be released from jail, well... sort of...
#nowplaying sugar rush by a*teens
Im not sure what else i could do, wish the speed i do things is slower
Counting the seconds pass by
I cant thank fate enough for delivered him into my life.
Waiting for the hot and roll thingie now.
Upset for not be able to watch eclipse tonight.
It's nice to be mute once in a while
There's no reason to be happy now...
A happy morning with hubby
Hating my body now...
Now i feel like throwing up because of gastric
Hungry but not feel like eating...
Gosh, desperately in love with cheese... And... Him...
I wonder when i could eat my favorite food as much as i want, hate being sick &gt;_&lt;
Love bunnies ^^
Rather satisfy with maxis's customer service, cuz they gave fast response
Having dinner with mom
Cutting my throat sounds like a good idea too...
i wish someone... just anyone... blow my head off right away
I guess i just wanna be at home today
I can feel nothing but pain and boredom today
finally get my beloved pc back
i hate being sick T_T
Which sane mother on earth would bath her 1 year oldson by splashing water right on his face?
Not feel like working today...
Ugh, he stole my pillow
Watching him be able to sleep despite of his injury, it's really a relief
Sore throat and stupid weird dreams... again
Seeing him suffer in any kind of thing, whether sick or cold, i cry
Finally going to have my lunch-dinner
Getting addicted to his presence every moment
Going out again
Finally being at home.
Just checked out
Love the picture we just took
I hate it when she treats me like a kid and tell me what to do
The light in this room makes me feel sleepy...
I love my hair after it has been cut.
I could love him more every day
I love him and there is no doubt in that sentence
Everyone including my heart told me that i picked right, what else am i considering?!
Sometimes i am not sure whether i am doing the right thing or on the right path
Never really have good feelings for that sport, from each past phobias.
Not so good mood
Disappointed by the service and the quality of the result
Had lunch and waiting for check in time
Waiting for our lunch to be served.
Loving the green, also cemetery
Hubby is one nice guy
On our way
Feeling quite upset now
My voice is broke
Sore throat
He doesn't care
Longing for him
it's not an illusion... today's time moves so slow~~~!
i just wanna work peacefully... hope that's not too much to ask
more hours to wait
i swear i did nothing to deserve her shitty face
i miss him terribly now
Hoping he is getting well and not sick anymore
He will never understand the way it feels when you so worried about someone, but can't do anything or even get close, i hate this feeling
Loving my phone alot
Feeling so sleepy in all of sudden.
Wishing could get better in cooking.
He messed my emotions up
Being ALONE in the office is absolutely not fun
Looking at him just suddenly made me feel moody, i'm not sure why'
This very moment, or every coming moment, he is all i want, all i love
Missing him so much in all of sudden
Feel like wanna see him right away.
Baby hayden is just so cute but so naughty. Eww
This morning is gloomy, it makes me wanna stay in bed forever
Even it's not delicate, i just love it.
my legs are sore as if i've been using my feet for too long
this is crazy... i can't go to toilet on my own
just because i don't have to be alone because of him
thank god i don't have to be alone in the office, and that's why i find my boss seem to be TOO handsome today.
i listened to ghost stories for days and now i am freaking out because of their so called "existence" :S
ghosts are too scary~~~!!! T_T
the noodles seem too much for me as breakfast -_-
love waking up with him laying beside me
I hate the website that i am working on.
trying my VERY best to keep my look energetic... it's WAY TOO Hard
well... he seems like he is going to explode soon... i never wanna work with him ever
my boss thinks i became a zombie since i was in a relationship... -_- speechless really
loving this morning's breakfast though... it kinda made my day
couldn't wake up from them.
Too much long weird dreams last night,
Can't sleep in the room without him, cuz it's cold and scary.
Miss him so much and feels like crying. Don't like the room without him in.
why now isn't 6 o' clock... so so so so bored... and sleepy... &gt;_&lt;
wish i am home instead of being in office in this rainy weather... i'm SO SO SO tired... &gt;_&lt;
head hurts alot &gt;_&lt;
not feeling so well anymore...
except for her short freaking out session... today is a good day i guess... miss him alot though...
can't imagine myself being TOO attached to someone again...
guess i am drained when my energy source is away... -_-
wishing the red alert will be over soon -_-
I need some courage to take one significant step going forward. Just one.
Exhausted, feeling dizzy and nausea.
I'm not sure about how i feel now.
Had a fascinating experience day and night.
I love him so much so much
Tonight is one of my best night(s).s
Wishing the rabbit is going to be ok
Going out in a few.
Period always has been a pain on my butt.
No mood for anything now, even sleep.
Too much things to accomplish today.
Gonna get my door fixed today, the hardest part will be at old man's place
Gee... I'm not so good with chopsticks
Taken pictures with my silly hubby for the very first time on my own
He is so sweet in alot of ways.
The time moves WAY TOO SLOW.
I love him for alot of reasons, and no reason at all
Though i could be with him, really can't enjoy myself in a crowded place.
Rushing my ass off for a wedding
My mood and day is ruined
Aww... Crap.! My period came againhn
Poor mommy and hubby for having to work today. I miss them
Sweet dreams, my love. Wish tomorrow will be a great day for you.
He is so silly but cute. I love him so much.
Love the way he made me feel
Hate raining when it happens right after work. Especially on thursday
probably should avoid ices next time... i need better health for better life -_-
just had my lunch... mango ice shake and chicken rice... again ^^ love them though...
whoa... i've ignored most of the games in my facebook
there are lots of things to do in life... not sure which to start from though
i'm sorry i acted weirdly last night... but i do love you
finally feeling a little energetic today... don't wanna feel tired and sick every day anymore
ate left over lunch from my silly hubby
working my ass off... but i enjoy this... cuz i get to move my body... some sort of workout
something is seriously wrong with my body... &gt;_&lt;
my senses are reacting to the sources TOO SLOW today
man... another six hours
awww... getting dizzy
i just smeared my paper &gt;_&lt;
my period stopped as if it never came... crap
i know i will miss him so much tonight...
I love this breezy, cloudy and almost rainy type of weather. Good to sleep in.
Hubby installed my bedside table for me and it's perfect!
a slow day... not sure why it's always tuesday
she is so pretty today ^_^
i lost her pen... T_T
fell in love with the series
her mood changes faster than the weather and mine
i guess i rather be in the store than sitting in office...
I don't wanna wake up!
Just had a fun shopping at ikea with hubby
hard decision again
human being is not believable
she is proud of being a coward
she is being totally freaky today by thinking i push EVERYTHING to her.
i don't want my shoulders or back
every time i done eating... the sleepiness attacked me
so in love with my new phone
another 3 hours to go through... i am so obsessed with this song... ^^
my whole body is SO SORE... as if someone broke it and scattered into pieces... and then stitch them back again in a terrible way
tired beyond comprehension
my time is never enough for ANYTHING...
uh i miss my pc as well
don't feel like eating at all... missing him though
#nowplaying 星と羽 by RURUTIA @ this song has a slow... beautiful... mysterious melody...
i guess what she had learned best is to get away from troubles in office even it means she has to accuse others
even i am forgetful... but i'm not oblivious enough to forget what i've learned and what i have not.
my intake will be on September.
only she is allow to say whatever she wants... and i am now allow to speak for myself or the truth
She is being jerky again, oh well
didn't feel like waking up this morning...
i got so turned on that i almost lost control over myself &gt;_&lt;
whether it's hecate or athena
i hate pimples
i wanna get myself a japanese dictionary
being different than others around you wasn't a sin
i am too full and probably could throw up -_-
i missed one LITTLE mistake... and i'll be headed somehow by my boss
#nowplaying 愛し子よ by RURUTIA @ this song is dark... mysterious... intriguing... but i love it
pink or black? black or white? i'm trapped with colors again... &gt;_&lt;
his voice was so hot over the phone... love it ^^
the possibility of my boss not coming today made my day ^^
i don't think i could eat lunch anymore today... -_-
i wish now it's already six instead of just four &gt;_&lt;
sleepy...
guess what? i brought my baby nephew's milk bottle with me in my bag... :S
it has been a long time i haven't get myself ANYTHING online &gt;_&lt; i'm a shop holic
i hope the changes take place immediately... can't wait for it
staying up way past midnight isn't gonna help me look better... i look tired again.. &gt;_&lt;
he thinks i am mad at him... which i'm not... i was just trying to mess with him ;P
the noddle is tasteless... -_-
i still care what happened to him... even what happened to us is past tense already
it's not an easy decision to make... :S
it will be nice to have some changes finally in my life... i've been expecting it i guess
i wanna be alone... more than everything else...
getting alot dizzier... as if my head is spinning... and i keep having cold sweat... something is wrong with me...
