Ms_Taffy
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/277235273/twitter_pic_400x400.jpg
Free Text translation in a single click! - http://www.babelfish.com/?aff=3783
Free Text translation in a single click! - http://www.babelfish.com/?aff=3783
Play Fun Flash Games for Free! - http://www.gamebound.com/?aff=3783
Free Text translation in a single click! - http://tiny.cc/nu7lk
Save from any tube site using our FREE FLVDirect Player - http://tiny.cc/ps5e3
I got a new computer today - I decided to get a Mac.
@chrsgy71 Whenever a man uses the word baby it makes me think
RT @chrsgy71: When a man says "Baby your eyes are as beautiful as the sky," it makes you wonder is an agenda?
There is a dog shitting in my garden!
today - I have to leave the dogs at home - go out and do something compleatly not "me" -- im feeling pretty boxed up being me.
I'm back on Twitter --- for a bit anyhow
All of these drinks that I have to drink for the GB are not really filling.
@chris - I might after I dont really know how Ill feel yet - I think it will be a challenge to have men flirt with skinny me.
@chrsgy71  The Date is Feb 24
Dear twitter - I have a date for the gastric bypass -
@cherylprolapse - ptty soon she'll be mass producing the hiv.
@cherylprolapse what do u bet- gay whorders b-f poz & she a bug chaser? Poz face!
time for bed - im bushed.
Took the doggies for an hour walk and play in the park - time for school!
@cherylprolapse Yeah- does that make her a functioning hoarder?
@cherylprolapse she owns a 8 bedroom farm house & every room is filled with clean neat boxes
@cherylprolapse my grandmother is like that- we used to give her benzo's & clean her house-
@cherylprolapse - she is filthy and a pig.
@cherylprolapse not flushing tp in really special
@cherylprolapse wait till u see her collection of lighters.
@cherylprolapse - the people were kinda nasty last night- r they ever not poor trashy people?
I have said it b-4 but, if I was in the market for a 50 yo woman I could have my pick.
@cherylprolapse do u know there is a brand of condoms named - skyn ?
gonna close my eyes and breathe. its been a great summer!
i did find out there is a hybred program with j.d. & masters dont know details though
cant sleep - last night off b-4 shool starts.
@starjonesesq- my pcp sent me to a fat nutritionalist- i said 'oh no!'
i just had an ibs attack & there was a port-a-pot nearby!
thank god for stimulas money- there is road work everywhere
@cherylprolapse with so little lung left- a breathing machine might help- besides u can always blow the air in yer- thing
@cherylprolapse waking up tired is a big sign that u may have sleep apnea- r u a fattie?
2 nights sleeping with the cpap- this is gonna make it better!
@andymelton - what's going on with staples?
+ 12 lbs in 4 days?
e before i - when spelling streisand.
I love really old Barbra streisand music - she used to record the weirdest songs - and she had this jazz sound -
my tits r huge.
i keep asking people - 'u look great did u get the lap band?'
the community college kids were nice- i dont know about university kids
im also a little scared about being around the 18 year old kids
i dont know where the time for school is gonna come from
spending -way crazy! time to do something!
@cherylprolapse you'd think she'd know better than to plagerize from the '70's modern gay' handbook?
@cherylprolapse hung over @ at 2 in the afternoon? - dont they make coke for that?
i am soo fat.
Glad for a new netbook. Fun for interent and thats what I do.
@cherylprolapse if u get a good link repost.
@starjonesesq - I leave my dog locked in a running car with the ac on. I know my dog is not a baby-but I think its ok.
Tori Amos is a rock concert now! who knew?
at tori amos- im ready.
its morning and mammas hungry!
day off t-morrow! goal to get school stuff done!
we kissed; does mean we r dating- lol?
we kissed; doe
yum yum- baked mashed potato!
@declanchanning too bad there is not a truck stop or all night video store around you?
when i get the cpap im gonna sleep so good!
@chris- for what it was - I thought it was good. I never would have gone to see it - but was with a friend.
i saw GI joe today. i liked it. suprised.
i won i won!!
im getting very excited- they r on a trey, ready to be put up-
the ivory kk stacking set is about to come up!
i just  ought some chinille bed spreds
my neck is sweating - in the folds.
does anyone bring their dog in the car & leave the ac on?
does anyone bring their dog in the car & leave the ac on
and some ironstone turf dinner plates marked 'fiesta'
and some ironstone tur
at an auction looking to buy some ivory kk stacking sets.
@cherylprolapse - a friend told me about a lady he took care of who had a fistula- u ever been to hospital in Maine?
done w- whole foods for a bit.
i got to wash clothes today
@andymelton does xp home have remote desktop?
@andymelton my vista came back but now its still f-up. I have an old xp- but can't get the sound to work- does xp home
NO MORE DREAMS! All night - im going crazy!
I want to trade in my stomach shelf for a skin apron.
I used to be known for 'blowing my top' - now, I don't explode as often.
just made the best chicken - I guess my little convection microwave does work!
posting on my website again - taffysvintacloset.com
@ the park with dusty- sleep study tomorrow!
bypass -
hoping some of the pics the computer guy found on my messed up computer r the nudies of 23 year old me!
@cherylprolapse I have not met the surgen yet. Or submitted the bypass for insurance approval yet. Bypass in hard work!
@cherylprolapse - it takes 6 mo to do the appointments for a bypass. I've been to about 30 appointments & haven't even
@cherylprolapse - I might have to wait till winter break to get my bypass- school come first ( after food )
@cherylprolapse- I dont know how half ton does it... I am 'only' 250 lbs and knockin' on deaths door.
@cherylprolapse the gastric bypass dr does not want me to ack like M.J. When she slip me the propofol.
@cherylprolapse- at the sleep facility they have a sleep number bed. I my number is 65.
@cherylprolapse I am so fat- I have sleep apneaids. This sleep study is for a face mask to sleep with.
then, take the dog for a nice trip to the park!
i should go eat my emotions away.
thats where the dr office sent me- i guess its how they calibrate the pressure.
Just found out. Second sleep study scedualed to get fitted.
this being fat is awfull.
i cant fall asleep or sleep on my back. the apnea wakes me up-
exited for some days home w a working computer!
@andymelton just cuz u said u were tired of being on the phone.
@andymelton ill call u, too!
working all weekend- school starts soon.
ready for bed. workin' ke crazy next 3 days.
@trishhays - my man 'naids- my man- what's the dish?
@trishhays- blind dates? you been thinkin' of mamma?
im going to sign up for classes tomorrow.
emotional wave pool.
bed + ac + loud fan = good sleep!
@andymelton- to what e-mail? Don't look @ my pics ok 'naidsy ?!
@andymelton can I turn on remote desktop & have I fix it?'
@andymelton - I can't figue out why this conputer is forever tellinb me that 'd' is full -yet therei can't get a complete bacup done ?
@andymelton today I can't get it to show me the error message- but, its running long enough to run recovery
@andymelton - hey I got a new screen today, the other ione gave up the ghost during all the blue screen mess
i am so glad i have this phone- my computer is messed up!
- i mean - 'wintercress'
i decided to name my apartment - 'watercress'
@starjonesesq - see urbandictionary.com  'bill O'Reilly' definition #4-
a lady came in my store who had been engaged to casey donoven
@starjonesesq -the allegations against bill'o were just too funny I wish the media would have been more explicit
its damn hot!
i am tired.
80- is too hot for me.
@andymelton- lol - so often I am the same way.
i am soooo broke this week!
@andymelton - r u talking about nose hairs? Lol
@andymelton if u want. Lol
@andymelton its the one you r going to build. Lol
@andymelton my new website is- small house  living- gardening- small city life- pic & vid
@andymelton - did u look @ bluestar ovens-
@cherylprolapse that cheap bitch won't pay tonight.
@cherylprolapse that's awfull what u just said about madge. Everyone knows saterday night sex is free in an ally.
@andymelton - yes. I agree. Look @ the bluestar stove website - immagine 180 different colors?!
next year- window boxes!
but, shes pretty cool. i think she'll come around.
this mom on larry king looks like sarah palin.
i think its fun to be both. man and woman.
oh look @ this hottie- 'lower surgery'
this is so weird why so little about alexis?
this is so weird - why r they talking so much about chazzy?
i love trannys! eps this arquette lady.
waiting for the trannys on larry king.
@cherylprolapse any of my good suggested ones 'naids?
@cherylprolapse 18002656606 - hdis.com adult diapers
oh shit- human organ laundering.
@cherylprolapse Andy is afrake of the surgrtaids. Im just excited to have an apron of skin instead a pannis.
@cherylprolapse and I am no where near meeting the surgeon or filing insurance approval. Being fat is hard work.
@cherylprolapse - those tv grums don't show the process- I have been to 4 appointments and have 4 more scedualed.
im taking the dog for a walk- then may get back in bed.
@cherylprolapse call a bariatric surgery center and talabout being fat and it will be hilarious!
its hot!
and besides im in bed- and there r firemen outside.
@marthastewart I hope some of your 'girls' were fab-o-ish gays that get to chill with the Martha!
its hot for new england!
in bed- thinking, relaxing, nude.
@cherylprolapse can u smell the cancer in it?' I have read that dogs can smell cancer- u might do some penut butter tests?
@starjonesesq I got pulled over a few weeks back- i guess the cop never heard gay-bonics b-4!
@starjonesesq- the media asked 'how MJ spent all that money' - but, poor Ed McMahon can't pay his house note.
fat shows on tv and inside w the ac
someone .called out'- and left me holding the bag to cover her shift
@andymelton - it seemed like xp just ran on its own - xp is confusing or somthing I can't figure out how to ever fix it
@andymelton - I think this one is 2 years old- im not Very computer smart- this one seems to have a full backup- but I can never back it ...
@andymelton I am thinking about getting my first mac-
@andymelton - I will try tomorrow when I get home- thanks Andy. I wanted this pc to last 2 more months
@marthastewart  did u do brimfield this time?
@andymelton it come on as blue screen- the error message sayes somthing anout shadowing - no new apps I can remember
@andymelton - restart, goback, and nothing helps- what should I do now?
@andymelton - I keep getting the blue screen on my pc- I feel like I have tryed everything
getting up @ 330am for an antique show?
@andymelton - yes in pitts! I think chaz is hot, too!...
this dog is fab-o-ish!
staying in a town called 'moon' cum moon!
im homesick for portland.
im here- in the hotel, down for the night.
did not find anything today- boo!
my dog was pooped - she could not sleep in the car!
@trishhays you r a dirty red head!
my dog is doing fine on our trip- but, very alert- no sleep yet
been on the road 4 3 hours- been in two traffic jams- only in ct
@cherylprolapse - I love how it was 55 for the last three weeks in maine.
poop stain on the disco stik-
on vacation right now!
my hips hurt- i guess they r rotting.
my hips hurt- i huess they r rotting.
vacation starts tomorrow morning!
i wore myself out today!-
@andymelton - chili is my all- time faverite - !
I think its been hiding under 100 lbs of emotional eating!
I bought makeup today for the first time in years - and dyed my hair purple - where has this part of me been?
Im gonna do laundry - then, make me clean as a diasy!
The car is a clean as its gonna get for the road trip
my dog is the best.
ohh- fucked up phone messages-
Most of the people i know r spending the independace day with the family the chose in life
im an independent lady- with lots of f
@cherylprolapse - punish your face with truck stop cock.
@andymelton - wish it was closer- or, I had more time off. next summer, I guess.
@andymelton no-! Pittsburgh pa- if your about a day away we should meet.
@andymelton - do u get free incomming calls?
@andymelton - now that im getting ready to leave- remind me how far from pittsburg u r- and if I should drive down there 2 c u?
not relatec to the binge- but, my parents r hosting a family reunion - they never told me. humm.
having a binge - 6 powderd donuts a whole frozen pizza and a 2 liter diet coke.
My doggie - will take her pills if I crush them and add a touch of milk. Thank jesus.
@cherylprolapse Im going to PA - I think Ill be a few hundred (3-4) miles from Declan - get in your toyota and come meet up!
Does Palin now quilify as a new kind of Republican? - Like her old running mate John? LOL - Another refeshing idea ? - barf
I bet Palin will say part of why she stepped down was because she was so opposed to taking stimulas $
@StarJonesEsq I bet Palin will say part of why she stepped down was because she was so opposed to taking stimulas $
Im gonna have to find time to wash the inside of my car - its dirty and Im drving a long way next week!
@andymelton - thats cool Andy- read facebook
@StarJonesEsq - sometimes "media dumps" happen on late night weekends so people will loose some interest by monday - ?
someone has violet hair!
who blasts the 'statler bros' in their car? very funny!
Im going back to bed for at least an hour.
I dont know how to regulate this computer- I am not a computer person.
@cherylprolapse Oh yes - that is a good one hunnay!
I have window boxes that are doing well. I have veggies and flowers in there.
my garden loved this rain untill it started to rot.
@andymelton - they have beef extract injected into the potatoes to enhance the flavor.
@andymelton - that's what broke me when I was a strict vegan. Mcdonallds fries.
i hope while im on vacation- its hotter than hell, with no rain!
@andymelton- i bought one belcan product - yuck yuck yuck
oooo- its thunder, dustys first one with me- lets see how she reacts.
daning - dancing- ! i thought those movie sceans with dogs going crazy in the morning were fake!
my dog was hilarious this am- she was daning around with excitement- just because i woke up! lol
its good for my garden- but, seriously - i think the weatherman said there were 6 days of no raine in june
i am awake- more raine in maine?
@cherylprolapse still in the process - some parts done but, not making a date yet. Im suprised im 95 lbs overweight.
my friends say it passes after a few payments- but it feels so huge right now!
my friends say it passe
and now- its the first again- ive been sweating the first house note
there was a 6 hour span of time yesterday where no bills were due.
@andymelton did u get the idea in working form?
ps- next week going to PA. Going to c 'falling-water' if there is no weight limit.
@cherylprolapse - my gastric bypass- I need to take 3 weeks off for that.
in bed again- i might take a semester off from school.
taking a nap - more rain - hey, my garden seems to love it.
i went to dinner at a friends house- what a blast!
where is the editor -? who lets something like that get to the press?!
i got a magazine 'animal wellness' @ wholefoods- 'buy organic products' 'dont poison your pet' - but the dog on the cover, in choke collar
i got a maga
community involvement- through service. personal accoutability.
@trishayes- yes!
community involvement- through service. personal accoutability.
@andymelton - pancakes !
what r good qualities for a group of kids to learn- ?
time to plant more hostas- and more baulbs.
@andymelton a waffel?
MJ seems so normal to me-
thinking about a gay youth group-
relaxing. ready for bed.
Dan Abrams- is a little cutie.
@fletcherfashion omg- what happend to your house?
@declanchanning - what I need is a 1oz size stomach.
i miss doing crazy drag- thats what i knew i would do.
they were playing baseball.
i saw some men who grew up feeling like men
3 hour nap - check.
rosa was not a tired old lady on a bus no more than judy caused stonewall.
judy and stone wall- like rosa and tire
stonewall. -
i spoke up - i said i wanted change. keep hoping everything is ok.
no- they were on cher, my show!
on the phone?! what!!
she'll be talking about- her son chaz?
and tonight
i love cher- i have never seen her live; yet!
@starjonesesq - 'just fall the hello out'! - Whenever I 'played house' as a kid my name was Michael.
maybe far away- or maybe - - - ill hear u callin me baby
i think i had a dream i got a iphone- crap!
and why am i working all day on the sunny day?
why did i wake up @ 4am?
@declanchanning - I can afford a blow up doll?
@declanchanning I agree flickr is Cool- but I let mine slide for awhile when I was buying my house
@declanchanning- I am a social worker type- I can point u in all the right places
@cherylprolapse did the Cheryl do for Taffy? I dont see no Cheryle stoma? I dont see no smear? No nothin.
@cherylprolapse you know when I get gastric bypass I will have a stoma connecting my pouch to my intestine. And what pray tell did the
@declanchanning I would like to get you a little gifty -  someting you want though.
@declanchanning is it important for you to have it - or do you have other needs - like a water filter or something else that come first?
@declanchanning how much does flickr cost?
@declanchanning thats what I thought _ I rememberd seeing so many more. WHat kind of dog do you have?
@declanchanning you got more pics than the ones on trekkyandy? like of brownie?
Doggie just pigged out then plopped on the floor with a phppft.
My doggie is passed out after a trip to the dog park and 2 hours of tag team patting w/ my friend.
@declanchanning dont get a car - its really a waste waste waste!
eating lunch- filled out a bif application this am.
Anyone else have a really hard time getting involved with EQME? As a group they turn me down every time I try.
Anyone have experience with Americorps?
I worry that she is board. She seems totally happy - but Im just afraid she is board.
She loves going for walks and having treats- but she is not into the types of play I try with her- any ideas to engage her more?
I am crazy about my dog- !
@declanchanning chgeck your pay pal hunnay.
@andymelton dishes hunnays. Check your boxes.
I got two referances today and sent out requests for a few others.
And I have my dog to chill with - I will need to make time for her!
So, I cant work myself too hard.
There are about 5 local listings for Americorps jobs - might be interesting. Keeping in mind I will still be going to school this fall
I am filling out an application for americorps.
I am looking for a 15-20 hour a week - interesting job. Short or long term.
Toast is yummy
@cherylprolapse - no need to let a fancy n1h1 car sit 'round the lot 'naids.
aint no sunshine in Maine!
@cherylprolapse what-chu  fancy car don't got an ac ?
Yippie for a new twitter pic!
And I want to make time to work on my mentor idea!
Maybe I want to make room for people in my life.
I have been doing this 80 hours a week thing for 5 years.
I think I have been working 80 hours a week for about 1 week too long. I want my life back.
YES! Star just quoted Streisand- what a perfect intersection in time.
@StarJonesEsq I just found you on twitter today- and you Quote Babs! Perfect moment!
I found Star Jones on twitter- I love her and cant wait to get tweets from her!
@andymelton- why don't u buy a little condo in a town nearby - u can use the government to get the downpayment.
@cherylprolapse - I should have known when my straight dentist told me about chazzy that I was missin' something.
@cherylprolapse - and why did u not report on chazzy bono? This is important news.
@cherylprolapse -  Of course it was a fair election in Iran. I mean the plastic bins were tied closed! Blookkkaay?
@cherylprolapse - todays my Birthdays - im celebrating with a lap band consultation tomorrow! Love u hunnay's
@cherylprolapse - happy after-birth-d-aids! 25?
@andymelton - pretty soon a pontiac will be free.
@cherylprolapse - r they the huge hollow ones?
@trishhays dollar queen.
New Tori album- first listen, right now!
Sports talk. Right up there with listening to cats barf.
1.5 hours to go!
i adopted a fuuzzy chow mix today.
my garden in nice- but some things have to go
i put some pots in the ground today- i think they look tacky.
there r some really cool pots i want for my yard.
@trishhays - lots o' what going on there?
yeah- im out in portland.
im out ib
anyone in boston want a free etta james ticket for t-nite?
in 40 min im done with this semester!
@cherylprolapse - u will hunnay's u will!
bio final sucks ass- well in 8 hours in will.
With everything going on- I sat down and ate a fuckin burger today. Vegan slip- better than other things I could have done!
@cherylprolapse - come to maine and marry me..
@cherylprolapse u have been so introspective today- what's the scoop?
@trishhays pants. So your done with school?
how can a teacher feel good about a test and then a final 4 the last 2 classes.
-- its packed at mesa!
its so packed at me
@cherylprolapse bmi 33 \5-11- 240- fat fem vegan.
@cherylprolapse - either I gain 10 lbs and have insurance pay for my fatband - or its tiaguna and 7800 bucks.
@cherylprolapse - im getting a lap band.
@cherylprolapse finally I movie I saw first!
@trishhays lol-!!!
why do mtf tranny's wear so many sweater sets? gag.
never never never give me a digital frame please.
@cherylprolapse - I know 'naids. That's only a small part though. I got the fat genes, too.
@cherylprolapse - I got sober from coke and ate like a fucking horse.
@cherylprolapse - good girl-u get fat like me!!
coffee shop music special portland nights!
werk all day- show to-nite
@andymelton -- do it girl!
sound byte
sitting beside the phone, i'm awsome.
im going to bed.
I'm at mesa alone- anyone?
@cherylprolapse - specter put monaids in the stimulas for ass cancer research- and still voted against the bill- u should love him!
im learning to get to know people, its hard.
-- i might get 4'a's this semester!
@cherylprolapse pull it together- the lapse that is.
i won free plane tixx today!
Amy Goodman dyed her hair?!
10 more days of school.
watching family guy
why am i awake w-migraine - and power outage @ 530am?
Streisand was fun- she was a little energetic!
@declanchanning sounds so good! There is a vegan mexican place I love- lets go there!
@declanchanning- yes- ! - she is sooo Cool- playing with her dog
@declanchanning you know im watching Babs! - its amazing- I love Babs
@andymelton how did u find out so fast? -
Streisand in concert on TV @ 8pm!
down on the waterfront -walking around
done napping- Now what?
done napping
what?! it just rained on our first 70 degree day!
@andymelton - I wanted to do sociology but took one class and knew it was not my thing.
@andymelton - take a few classes in each and see where it goes?
@andymelton re school -- u can do both!
I love vegan cake.
@trishhays - well.
going to bed.
speed dating tonight.
oh boy - there are some odd things being said today.
@cherylprolapse yes,  she did add aids- she loves it!
@cherylprolapse - my waitress know your style - she pointed out a guy to me by sayin that.
im going to 4 min dating tomorrow.
@cherylprolapse- abercrombaids !!!
getting ready for the indigo girls show
enjoying the sun!
best dinner out tonight!
taking a nap w mommy and baby
would i still sweat if i was 60 lbs lighter?
live at the ani show - !
@cherylprolapse I though only fat people felt that way-!
at a free live ani difranco show!!
going to a drag show @ 'stones!
2 short papers to write.
Im going to see Ani Difranco Fri- and the Indigo Girls Sunday !!!
@cherylprolapse - do it- or, just call the man-aids-ment. Or, kill yourself.
@cherylprolapse - I will pvt email tomorrow from home -
@trishhays - put both those hills in bed
@cherylprolapse - taffaids taught a brownaids and columbaids grads cheryl speak during the weekend-s
my boss tweets
@trishhays im flat right now, too- and not in the chest either.
have tonight off- i am going out for a change.
I have to fart-
@cherylprolapse - u r too funny lapsey
@cherylprolapse how have u never heard that!!?!???
@bloatedlesbian- today I listened to one of the new music show- luv luv!
@cherylprolapse thems not warts- thems a french tickler !
in bed all day
@trishhays yes mommy im awzke- but, just climbing into bed
@trishhays - no halo here! I missed class yesterday! We have a quize thurs?
@trishhays- what?! Pot?!
yippie i found the phone- and note book! thanks!
@trishhayes! AWSOME!  Bring it Thursday?
Where is my phone?!
cant sleep.
@andymelton yes; I thought so, too.
bowling
bio test monday- aaaahhhhhh!
and what?! im dumping 2 people - after two years, they really need to go.
@cherylprolapse -its a great show, I cryed watching the state of the union 2 weeks ago- it happens
@andymelton- nashville is next summah- I was corn-fused- ( last summer was mini-snatch-o)- this summah pittsburgh
@andymelton - it might be fun to see falling water Fiesta and the worhol museam?
@andymelton ooops- my memory Is like you english- im going to pittsburgh this summah- ill have a hotel room and be there with Fiesta peo ...
@andymelton - lol at underware- & how far is pittsburgh from the part of va u live in?
@andymelton- good work-! I've been walking, too- my shins get sore sometimes and I tell myself that's good- I hate exersize!
m.facebook.com wont work anymore for me!
@andymelton or a bus ticket  to boca to chill with the other jews for a few weeks.
@cherylprolapse I love those hemp products with the rosemary. Yum yum.
watchin' america. gay guys need to start loving gay kids.
@cherylprolapse - last summah I was addict-y to the vegan bean burritos.
@cherylprolapse everything annie is yummy.
@cherylprolapse - my number is everywhere.
i got refused another grant today
@andymelton - people r retards they get offended by everything.
on edge about new house-
i have gas- in math class
who is my baby daddy?
@cherylprolapse - im sorry things r going this way 4 u.
@cherylprolapse - I really was into this fatty- I went down on him and -blam-! Yeast. In the folds, red and raw. Yeast.
@cherylprolapse I was hosting an orgy one time- I really had been into this hugely fat guy all night-
@andymelton - I am out of socks.
@andymelton true girl, true. Im layin' in bed- manhunt called but I said no thanks.
@andymelton I keep saying no to sex. Im tired of having strangers in my house!
@andymelton do they get hot tricks?
@cherylprolapse 'and  then she poops and pee's herself'
@cherylprolapse - I just heard the 'prep' show, what is wrong with people- bb- christ.
@andymelton -- u sound pissed
@cherylprolapse- is blaqueta tic there now?
@cherylprolapse -- girl.
i want to get skinny-
I made pesto and hummus for the first time.
metallic'
big dream- a gay youth shelter.
I am 30 years old and still can not shit in public!
Ohhh- babs-ey boxer has  a few frizzled ends!
@cherylprolapse-  Amy goodman got the vagina monolouge lady to talk about ass-cunts today
@cherylprolapse - u take the semester off? My polyester sci teachers r creaming with this economic news
@cherylprolapse - obama talks directly to melton! When is he gonna call on helen thomas?
Obama was in the RV production capital of the world today! - I know that's a huge deal to some!
I have a closing date for my house- Hope it happens!
@cherylprolapse - cobalt, windex blue or turquoise? - or I can send monaids- what u perfer?
@cherylprolapse - take care hunnay's. U need some Fiesta from taffy- what's your faverite color?
@cherylprolapse watch c-span2, never eat another thing to rip your shit tubes and be happy!
im sick - no voice and one ear.
@cherylprolapse what put u in the hospital?
@cherylprolapse ill piont him to your grum- hot ali majini type-
@andymelton get hiv- then its real easy to be pos all the time.
@cherylprolapse I met some nice law prof from dartmouth- u two queens and me-!
@cherylprolapse I wish u would come to maine and go out to old man bars with me.
@andymelton was that the people from spain?
@andymelton I don't like the gay-rage out front either- but, my shades go up every day in every room-
@cherylprolapse my cunt- tr--y
@andymelton I think they look perfect for a collection of dishes. i am a sucker for built ins!
@cherylprolapse beets really make shit red, too- I love poopin red it makes me feel like im havin' my clean blood cycle
@andymelton I like the shelves.
@melton Umm humm! Dishes r the best! - I think its the third weekend of july- last summer it was in mini-snatch, but I really wasn't fee ...
@andymelton - its a fiestaware conference - u know how I love my dishes! Come to it- I would love that!
@andymelton Cool-beans- I am going to a conference in nashville in july.
@andy- hey bunnies! If I was in nashville in june could we meet up?
@cherylprolapse- I forget u r  a 25 year old sometimes- or, that u have a life outside daycare & lapsin'
@lapse- her neck is the size of a football players- Its the same width as her head.
@rills- did u see her pull the chucks out his ass -! Ahhhh!
@rills- racist!
@rills- yes nye is a  dumb as the other holidays - I have tonight off- by chance - and its nasty- love the 700 club call!
@andy- im thinking about website stuff again- when things settle down some. Im finally ready to pay some money for what I want.
@rills- like this? Thanks for the 'tute-oral.
Is that one made with bicycle tires on the outside?
Or just send it to magde and she can put the whole fucking thing in her- give new meaning to the phrase 'muffin top'
Its prob not latex- its prob silicone. Either melt it down and inject it into your upper or lower lyyps-
Latex Belongs in ass holes and Vaginas - not molded into bakeware.
The sniffin' panties stories from the 'grum! Loves!
I hope u have some nice wet farts hunnay's
I keep doing that same thing with guys- and then 6 mo. Later i'll be like w.t.f. !
Suprise suprise.
@cherylprolapse http://tinyurl.com/wxjfe "he bite my vgina" .. wait for it.
Thank u- I love it! I like the noise His tool box makes when there is a hand in It.
i dont know how to work twitter-
@andymelton I love the starter wife!!!
@andymelton I am having a hard time figuring out twitter.. thats cant be good.
twitter
