tanmayjindal
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3542300320/f75d1d614937b0e3096d650041b0923b_400x400.jpeg
This tweet ensures my account doesn't get cleaned up by the Twitter cleaning lady on Monday.
Repping the @BlindDaley shirt in India! http://t.co/qJd742c7dA
Just a tweet to dust off the cobwebs.
@EASPORTSFIFA Hi, I am not receiving 3500 coins for winning the FUTmas offline tournament. Happened twice now. Please help.
@EASPORTSFIFA Bug report: The Serie A offline division 1 in FUT on PC wants me to have a starting XI from La Liga. Please fix this.
@woodyinho @PUMA I'm a fan x2! #fastergraph
@woodyinho @PUMA I'm a fan! #fastergraph
@joefooty So that's you leaving Ten Sports, then? No United in Europe, so you decide to leave? Nice!
I love Javier Hernandez.
It's Mertens, not Martins! The commentator is annoying.
Nikhil Chinapa is useless. "Umpire" in football.
Mikael Silvestre is doing brilliant as a pundit!
And now 1-1! Drogba's introduction seems to have lifted Ivory Coast!
Tight football shirts just look weird!
I have watched all 4 games and it is 7 AM in India. #worldcup
No sleep tonight! #worldcup
Nikhil Chinappa has been awful. Get rid, Sony Six!
Sucks that there isn't a football screening culture out here in Ahmedabad. That, or I have no idea about the ones that do exist.
Go @ENGLAND! #WorldCup Who are you supporting? https://t.co/pSkfUvwPPW
GTA V on the PC confirmed!!!!!!!!!!
After almost an entire day tinkering with Skyrim mods to get it to work, it finally did! All it needed was a game update for SKSE -.-
Thank you for reading my quick 3-tweet story of how I am playing Skyrim. At least it didn't go on for 9 seasons and have a horrid ending.
This time though I'm resuming my original save and thus saving over 100 hours that I put in it and will continue with the new DLCs. #skyrim
I did the same thing exactly a year ago. Installed a lot of Skyrim mods, then started a new save and left it there after 15 minutes.
Basically spent most of the day trying out different Skyrim mods. The addiction is back!
“@CNN: Actor Tracy Morgan in critical condition after six-vehicle accident in New Jersey. http://t.co/SXG1bDBpt0”

Holy shit!
And Reus potentially missing out on the World Cup. Great.
This is a tweet.
I'm wearing @D_DeGea's name on the back of my Spain shirt! http://t.co/xp7g2rh165
New Tweetbot 2.8.8 icon is horrible!
Dhoni time! #CSK
Tried Tweetbot's "nearby tweets" thingy and I had no idea there were so many weirdos around me. Wow.
#ThursdayMorningRealityCheck
I try and keep away from my phone for a few hours and well, no one missed me! 😂
@uvcyclotron To think I chose an XPS over a MacBook because "I wanted gaming". Last game played on laptop? FIFA 13 in in 2013.
“@robert_huth: Still maintain that crying on the pitch should warrant a 3 match ban”

Aww yeah!
@uvcyclotron I need a MacBook in my life :(
@KhushiManUtd "I hate myself for liking Oasis"
@uvcyclotron Dude man, listen to Atif's version of Lamhay from Jal Pari.
@KhushiManUtd Because you like the band overall too?
@uvcyclotron Jal or Atif? And Aadat. Listen to Aadat.
@uvcyclotron That is brilliant! On the phone it just shows the album artwork and the track name.
@KhushiManUtd It's easy. I just like that one song. I don't have to necessarily die. You should, though.
Surprisingly lazy Saturday morning!
@KhushiManUtd What post?
@D_DeGea I love you.
Have you no idea that you're in deep?
Top Gear is fun!
@KhushiManUtd I'm sorry I don't lead the exciting lives Android users have :P
iPhones feel so much better without cases. But that's a risk I'm not prepared to take!
@KhushiManUtd #cut4bieber
This is a tweet.
@KhushiManUtd Bet you'll be first in the line to buy tickets for his comeback tour.
@KhushiManUtd You know that's a publicity stunt. He'll be back a few months later with a "comeback" tour and make millions.
Just seen @jamesblunt's replies to some of the tweets he gets for the first time. You wonderful man!
Ah. Four-letter words preceded with a $ instead of a # work the same as a hashtag. #test $test
$hash
$hashtag $twtr
$hashtag
@uvcyclotron Back home, are you?
RT @carras16: “@tanmayjindal: @carras16 Do you see yourself driving an F1 car anytime just for fun?”  Wouldn't have to be asked twice
Why would @starsportsindia show United vs WBA on Star Sports 2 and City vs Villa on Star Sports? City vs Villa is hardly a marquee match!
Downloaded and set-up BBM, but I have 0 contacts so far. Heh.
So I download BBM for iOS. First it says I'm "not connected to the Internet" when I was, and now the servers go down. Brilliant debut!
I can't retweet the Carrick reply again. Life is cruel.
Trying out the new twitter app (updated for iOS 7, I'm on iOS 6). Tweetbot given a rest for a while. Feels different!
I'm going to retweet the Carrick reply. Because I can.
@KhushiManUtd That doesn't even make sense.
@KhushiManUtd Self-centred level: MAX.
I'm proper fangirling right now. Before Carrick, all I'd had was replies from Top Reds.
I GOT A REPLY FROM MICHAEL CARRICK! *dances*
@carras16 Do you see yourself driving an F1 car anytime just for fun?
Bored and sleepy, but I won't go to sleep. That's the thug* life.

*weirdly stupid
Michael Owen on the pre-match show! That's the stuff!
Exams from Friday. And I'm Mortal Kombat-ing. #YOLO
@fizzer18 This time last year, when Everton played United; you were an Everton player. Did you imagine in a year you'd be a coach at United?
I'm totally winning at email. #InboxZero via @Mailbox.

(Yeah, I have nothing else to tweet. Slow day!) http://t.co/KThDc5rNvz
@KhushiManUtd No. I'm kidding. Watch Star Sports now. Dhoni interview. Hahaha!
@KhushiManUtd Star Sports in Hindi. And Star Cricket (!!!!!) showing football in English. Absolute joke.
Ah, Star Sports single-handedly ruining the football experience for watchers in India. Hindi commentary, showing only select games. Shame.
Hindi commentary on EPL matches on Star Sports is going to be very interesting!

"Aur yeh van Persie ka shot! Aur yeh goal!"
OMG I GOT A REPLY FROM THE OFFICIAL EA ACCOUNT. I KNOW IT ISN'T A CELEB, BUT IT'S STILL THE BEST I'VE HAD ON TWITTER. MY LIFE IS SAD-ISH.
@EASPORTSFIFA items stuck on my trade pile. Can't add more, it says it's full when it isn't. Been so since last system maintenance. Help!
I'm not talking tight angles, I'm talking ridiculous impossible angles. And 5 times out of 10 the car doesn't park properly.
I might not be the best driver around, but thanks to the extremely cramped parking spaces in my building, I'm becoming an "expert parker".
@KhushiManUtd Huh?
@KhushiManUtd Oh yeah. I did that. Super album.
We spied a curious-looking nestbox with an inscription that read "Tweet &amp; ye shall be re-tweeted". #sworcery
@KhushiManUtd What did I do?
Yeah, I just posted the same thing on twitter and Facebook. Sue me.
"1 2 3 4, get on the dance floor. Booty shake, booty shake" is exactly why no one takes Bollywood seriously. Who wrote this? A 7 year old?
@KhushiManUtd Hello. Long time. And I did notice a few of them!
Some scary fangirls @Cristiano has got. Not that I'd refuse to having a few fangirls myself.
@fifacoinsonline Looking to sell PC coins. Interested?
@ManUtd #AskRio What do you do when you're not training or playing? Favourite movies/shows?
@EASPORTSFIFA Van Persie. #FIFA14UKCOVER
@KhushiManUtd Now now.
@KhushiManUtd I found it on twitter later on. Thanks.
Absolutely stunning! http://t.co/vZJiSsLde5 (@AntonAlfy)
@EASPORTSFIFA You have to do something about FUT auto-buyers. They are ruining the fun in trading!
Fallen sick in the last week of my vacations. What an anticlimax!
NOOO! RT @EASPORTSFIFA: #FUT Maintenance in the morning to prepare for #FIFA14. 1am-10am PT (9am-6pm UK). Expected downtime: 9hrs.
36 years later, I was born on the same day. RT @ManUtd_Fact: ManUtd's record home win: 10–0 vs Anderlecht, European Cup (26th Sept 1956).
I don't feel like sleeping..
@iDownloadBlog Thought so. Ridiculous behaviour.
@uvcyclotron I don't download. I just buy and leave it. Will download if I plan to play sometime in the future.
@uvcyclotron Ah. Hopeless situation, eh? Also got Infinity Blade II.
@iDownloadBlog My phone is out of warranty, but is it Apple policy to charge for a software upgrade that's available for free?
@idownloadblog Asked local apple store (India) to upgrade my phone to iOS 613, they asked me to pay Rs 500 (~$10). That's not right, is it?
@uvcyclotron Got that, Tiny Wings, some Sorcery-something named one as well.
@uvcyclotron Ha! I was hoping you found someone to secret message with at your internship :P
@uvcyclotron Someone has some messages to hide ;)
Lionel Messi is giving ads for We Chat.

Poor man. We have chimps from Bollywood advertising it in India. Messi doesn't deserve this.
Monica and her intense competitiveness is getting irritating now. #friends #S08
Unbelievable that I'm at an airport after almost 4 years. I didn't even know they'd done away with checking your luggage at the entrance..
Damn. RT @SkySportsNews: Chelsea agree deal for Marco van Ginkel from Vitesse Arnhem #SSN
Funny how it's raining outside, there's water just about everywhere, but there's no water in the house.
Not against the iPhone growth, but seriously. I've seen random dudes wearing cheap shades charging their iPhones in railway stations.
Everyone has a bloody iPhone these days. Tut.
4-5 GB to download. Only 12 hours left before that data allocation expires. #LetsDoThis
@Little_AIG Look: https://t.co/nyZ1TyFVRW
How's this for pull-your-hair-out irritating? Played 8 offline FIFA games, my Internet worked ok. Started one online, it disconnects midway.
Which is convenient, because, well, not a lot of people follow me :/
I don't tweet much, but when I do, I make people wonder why they ever followed me.
hashtag#
@NS130393 I just can't get over how the dude on the right smiles in that sneaky way when talking. We'd be alright, yeah.
@NS130393 I couldn't believe it when I first saw them. Today was fun. "My main man is Jo" "He's a bench warmer" "I have my cold-drink"
And now it's time for my favourite two idiots on live television. The two chimps hosting the Confederations Cup on Star Sports.
"Let's see what Spain have done" *highlights* "Let's see what Tahiti have done" *Tahiti highlights* "Let's see Spain's goals"

Star Sports.
And now my favourite part of the match. The brilliant chimps on the Star Sports network "analysing" the game!
Faulty phone connection line = my Internet being as dodgy as Suarez and his behaviour on the pitch. Works fine, then suddenly goes awry.
Watching Mexico vs Italy to watch the two idiots who are doing the pre-game show on Star Sports.
"Let's go watch the live match. We are about to kick-off. Watch this!" *waves*

Tell me why I shouldn't cancel my subscription, Star Sports?
Well done Star Sports. Two absolute chimps hosting the pre-match show. Embarrassing.
Might actually get a name printed on the back of this season's United kit. So many options, only one shirt.
Facebook supports hashtags now? There goes my monthly status update bitching about people using hashtags on Facebook.
Rio Ferdinand is the man.
RT @rioferdy5: "@lordylordylordy: Rio go back to bed man, the title is won already....#mufc" &gt; I heard they are trying to take the mufc rib…
@KhushiManUtd Because I'd have divine intervention telling me you've gotten your result.
@KhushiManUtd What of me?
@rioferdy5 Gotta feel for you. Whatever you say, people here take it the wrong way. Don't need to answer them!
@EASPORTSFIFA Idea for FUT14: Searching for formations should be specific. It's tedious going through entire list to find the one I want.
I'll never get the urge people get to check-in at malls and tweet about it. And not even the "hip" malls. Cringeworthy, time-pass ones.
Happy? More like devastated-questioning-my-life hour. RT @EASPORTSFIFA: Happy Hour is over. #FUT
Just tried Tweetbot's nearby tweets feature, and there are some right weirdos out there.
@fluffyguy I really enjoy your work, but have to say "Aloha Fluffy" was nowhere near as good as your previous specials. Don't fade out.
Check out my score on Dots. http://t.co/ZoHLfdXTJI via #dots

Woop!
He's a Chelsea supporter? &lt;/3 RT @bryanadams: wow. Mourinho clear to rejoin @chelseafc
It would be something if Wigan win today.
The Chennai - Manchester United analogy is something. And this is coming from a proper United fan who doesn't bother with cricket much.
Jadeja asks the umpire how many runs they need to win, confirms it's one, and then whacks the ball for a six. Super. #IPL
Chennai in the last 5 overs is like Manchester United in the last few minutes of a match. Always in with a chance. Exhilarating stuff! #IPL
Sending Ashwin to open the batting has really worked out for Chennai, eh. Horrible stuff, after doing so well to restrict Kolkata.
Might have to miss Monday's midnight United game because of a possible exam on Tuesday. Hate that. Missing games when there are 5-6 left.
The budget iPhone rumours are interesting. I would definitely get one, if the specs aren't too shabby. iOS apps &gt; Android apps in general.
What a win for Chennai! One minute it looks like they've lost, but it's called a no-ball, and boom. Chennai win. Brilliant. #IPL
Morris drops the ball in the run-up for his first delivery, but ends the over giving only 1 run and takes Gayle's wicket. What an over! #IPL
@KhushiManUtd Well, nobody mentions me. I'm used to this life now :(
@KhushiManUtd Hello. (I don't get mentions much, so I've lost my habit of checking them at all)
What a performance from Chennai. Super fielding, and an even better partnership to chase down the score. 86 not-out for Hussey. Wow. #IPL
Oh well, Chennai probably losing this one. Bring on United, Monday night!
Look at me. Semi-live-tweeting the IPL. Like it's a United game or something. Haha. Football &gt; Cricket.
And it's all going bad for Chennai. Mumbai has been on the up since Pollard's knock.. #CSK #IPL
FFS Murali Vijay. Good sometimes, massively dodgy otherwise. What's with that stupid shot?
Gotta love the Dwayne Bravo dance! Mumbai in proper disarray now. #CSK #IPL
Whoa Chennai! What a start to the match! Mumbai couldn't have had a worse start. #IPL
Street Fighter x Tekken is a fun game for the PC. Button mashing galore. Will significantly reduce the lifetime of my gamepad though!
There was this time when I'd started tweeting when I was gaining 2-3 followers a day. It's been years now, and I'm at 45. #ThatsHowIRoll
Get 3G, get faster speeds, but reduce your battery life. There's never a happy ending, is there?
Of course, I don't really have any DMs or alternate accounts to switch to. But it's nifty for those who need it. #twitter #iOS #gestures
I'm mostly tweeting shit right now because I have to study. That's how it goes when you have to study. You feel like doing everything else.
Can't believe I'm over my FIFA Ultimate Team addiction. There was a time in November, December 2012, when all I could think of was FUT13.
Sorted out my email inbox via @Mailbox! #InboxZero http://t.co/38bxSZVXb6
52000 in the @mailbox queue now. It's like I can almost touch it. It's so close, yet still far away..

(&gt;•_•)&gt;      (Mailbox App)
Send a message to people informing of my mobile number change. Forget to add my name to the SMS. #ThatsHowIRoll
Hilarious seeing people tweeting about emergencies rather than, you know, ensuring their own safety.
It's really difficult deciding what to download and what not to, when you have high-speed Internet only for the first 8 GB..
Ohh Robin van Persie! Ohh Robin van Persie!
Apple readily agreed to refund the accidental purchase (and again) of Tweetbot on my Apple account. Really happy with the hassle-free work.
Bloody hell, I don’t know what to tweet about. And I’ve just purchased Tweetbot.. :P
Whoa-oh! RT @stevee27: If Madrid qualify for the spanish cup semi final they will play Barca - United - Barca - United - Barca.
I hate doing this, but sometimes when there's a thing as valuable as the #86MessiFUT card on stake, you have to do it. I WANT THAT CAAARDD!!
@EASPORTSFIFA It’s no good delaying the Happy Hour timing. You must postpone for a day. People in countries like India need sleep!
*goes to a corner of the room and cries* RT @EASPORTSFIFA: #FUT13 is down until further notice while we address recent issues.
HOW MUCH LONGER?! RT @EASPORTSFIFA: FUT13 is temporarily down until further notice while we address recent issues. Thanks for your patience.
Really like how @wengerknowsbest has perfectly copied Arsene Wenger's "little bit" phrase. "We were little bit unlucky" "Little bit tired"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! RT @wengerknowsbest: We are little bit low tonight. We did not see that coming. We thought the Olympiakos ended in August.
It's taking too long. First my PC gets fried, so no proper gaming. Now, FIFA's FUT having issues, has been disabled since last night. Noooo!
Ten Action can be really stupid. Please @SkySport, please come to India! Save us.
@joefooty Don't teams win doubles? How is playing in a CL knockout somehow distracting towards the league?
@EASPORTSFIFA 24 hours gone, and no reply yet from a Game Expert. What's happening?
Got an exam in 2 hours, and here I am. Tweeting about the exam, instead of actually revising for it.
@adamlevine If the sender follows you on twitter, he/she just got your mobile number by accident, but now confirmed by you.
@EASPORTSFIFA I'm getting disconnects at random intervals in FUT matches, but my internet isn't faulty. Any tips to avoid this?
@rioferdy5 We need #5cap stores in India!
NOOOOO! RT @EASPORTSFIFA: #FUT13 &amp; #EASFC online service is currently down for maintenance. Downtime: 2.5hrs. Other modes unaffected.
@EASPORTSFIFA It would be helpful if the searching could be more refined in FUT. Ex: Search specific formations, not browse through all.
@KhushiManUtd I loved that episode where they search for Stella. Watch That 70s Show?
@KhushiManUtd Where did HIMYM come into it? We are talking about Modern Family. I'm talking of Stella from Modern Family.
@KhushiManUtd Oh you. You don't know who Stella is, right?
Official twitter app is good, but no muting. Echofon has all the features I need, but not at all a good interface. Tweetbot costs Rs 150!
The twitter client confusion continues. Tweetdeck, Osfoora, Twittelator are great, but lack push notifications.
@KhushiManUtd Heh. You could be Stella, if you want.
@KhushiManUtd Don't flatter yourself. You're not Alex.
@aplusk Thanks to Michael Kelso, I now use “BURN” a lot! :D
@uvcyclotron I need to mute blogger bastards who get RT'ed by others. Check out twitter promoting few tweets (kinda like ads).
@uvcyclotron I would, but it lacks few features like mute, and has promoted tweets spamming my timeline.
Thinking of finally adopting the official iOS twitter app. I've been changing twitter apps a lot.
@fifaaddiction Hey mate, do all gold TOTW players quick sell for 9600-ish coins?
@speckproducts Well that sucks. Can't send the case back at the moment. Thanks for the help, anyway! :)
@speckproducts Okay. Will you be needing the faulty case back if the person who bought it asks for a replacement there in the US?
@speckproducts The issue is I’m in India. The case was sent to me via a relative living in USA. You don’t have customer care here, do you?
@speckproducts Ok! BTW, the rubber started decaying and coming off (like in erasers). That’s why I had to change. Case barely a month old..
The #DeGeaPhotobomb hashtag is one funny idea!
Oi, @speckproducts, is the only way to remove your iPhone case from my iPhone is to destroy the rubber coating on the case?
Oi, BSNL bastards, sort out your internet. I haven't had connectivity in over 3 days now. It's beyond sanity.
I can be really stupid when it comes to interpreting statements that appear ambiguous, or unclear, to me.
Oh wait, there's actually an option to upgrade to "Pro" on Slices, for iOS. I just didn't see it. I am an idiot at times.
Then there's Slices. Good interface, some features that others don't have, and it's free. Give a paid version, remove adds, and boom!
I really like how Flurry, the twitter app for iOS, looks. Just needs push notifications, and boom! Tweetbot-killer.
Maths exam just 3 days away. I'm sitting in Maths class. And I'm tweeting, because the class is boring. #LikeABoss
Oi @FreudsMistress, I finally understood what "SHERLOCK. HOUSE. AAH." meant. Referring to me talking about House again, right?
The FIFA Ultimate Team servers are awful. When Europe sleeps, I can find bargains to sell later. But the damned servers are "sleeping" too..
Either someone dropped it behind my back, or my @speckproducts iPhone case just developed a crack by itself. The phone rarely leaves pocket.
Modern Family is just an incredible show. Easily beats HIMYM and TBBT, and ranks right up there as my favourite.
Checking out Flurry, the new app for twitter on the iOS. Brilliant app, but I don't know if it supports push notifications yet.
@uvcyclotron No, I'm not saying I want an Android. I'm happy here, will probably never change from Apple!
@uvcyclotron Weird. I'm actually avoiding not bashing Android, despite using an iPhone. You're bashing Android, despite using an Android! :P
@uvcyclotron But then that's where Apple is headed too, with the new screen and the iPad mini. BTW, iOS 6 not available for iPod 3G.. Weird!
@uvcyclotron But why? I'm almost anti-Samsung, but Android is a good OS. If they get their app quality sorted, I'm getting an Android phone.
@uvcyclotron Oh! Apple AND Android? Geez, how didn't I pick up the Jedi and Sith reference, respectively :P
@uvcyclotron Which info page are you talking about? :/
If I was following myself, I'd unfollow myself. Hardly an interesting account to follow, this.
@tapbots Bug report: Number of retweets doesn't show correctly after a tweet gets 95+ RTs. Tweetbot shows it to be around 95 no matter what.
When you have your exams on your head, everything becomes interesting... Even watching traffic, or random people going about their business.
@KhushiManUtd Yeah, you were the first unknown I added on Facebook. And now you're more known than a lot of the "knowns" there.. :P
@FreudsMistress People who smell bad and eat with their mouths open are worstest.. '-_-
@KhushiManUtd We used to talk a lot. Could you pass this message on the the real Ms Dave?
Osfoora for twitter isn't a bad looking application at all! Not like Tweetbot, but then no app is like Tweetbot. Osfoora surely worth a try.
@KhushiManUtd Hello, miss. DO I KNOW YOU?
@FreudsMistress Have you tried using Accio to get things? Any success? :/
Harry Potter was one of the coolest things of my childhood. I still try to lift things using spells, open locks using alohomora.
@FreudsMistress Yeah! I didn't know of the series till HP2's movie came. Then I read the first three books within a week.. :D
@FreudsMistress Waiting to switch over to Facebook? *this is twitter, we don't hit like*
Sudden improvement in my Internet speeds, jumping from 60 Kbps to averaging 250. Safe to say, things are getting downloaded, upgraded fast..
@KhushiManUtd The penalties were best of 3, so that was a bit unfair. Plus Nani and Young blew it. Think we will improve... I have faith! :)
@KhushiManUtd I think it was a poor performance. Plus the penalties were awful! But only preseason. Hopefully things improve.
@FreudsMistress I know, and I just make it worse! Let's talk something random. What're your views on Maggi?
@FreudsMistress I know why I tweet so much football. I am trying to have a normal conversation with you here, and I am talking of school! :P
@FreudsMistress It is used as a way to decide the allotment of streams for 11th, 12th. Is it different for you?
@KhushiManUtd You've picked up a new word, eh? TBQH? Haha, to be quite honest TBQH isn't as good as TBH. Reading Chemistry? LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL.
@KhushiManUtd Yep. You will reply with statements like these, and then wonder why the conversations die? :P
@KhushiManUtd Yes, I know. I'm incredible. College is okay. Things are hard!
@KhushiManUtd Oh you know! *nudge nudge* I'd tell you about college, but I know you won't understand.. :P
@KhushiManUtd I've been trying to hold up a small talk with people (one), and failing badly. And my college has started..
@KhushiManUtd Me? Where have you been?! Busy with your boyfriend, eh? -_-
@KhushiManUtd OMG, why? Y U CURSE ME?
@FreudsMistress It's weird how class 10th is made to sound so important and hard when we're in 9th, right? The marks are of no use.
I've got 46 followers. And the percentage of spam bots following me in those 46 is unbelievably high.
@FreudsMistress Nice. Around new year's eve 2010, I was busy studying for the series of tests my coaching had scheduled for January.. :P
Finally we see some rains here. The weather has been horridly humid. #Ahmedabad
@FreudsMistress Where is this from? Also I see the guy who jumps with you is posing as well.. :D
@FreudsMistress You've done skydiving? And clicked a photo too.. :P Incredible!
@KhushiManUtd Vanilla on Vanilla ice cream. Bliss!
Rome. What a show. I'm hooked!
@NS130393 @uvcyclotron Yes, read about it yesterday! I'm happy on Tweetbot, here on iOS though.. :P
I guess I did just go through a person's tweets to find a specific tweet from a few days ago. But to be fair to myself, it was about me.. :|
@AfridiFan_MUFC ESPN anchor? Looks a bit like Penny from Big Bang Theory.
Waiting outside the class. Left home early to avoid traffic, ended up reaching class way before time.. -_-
That is the IPL tune being played at the women’s volleyball event!
I listen to a new song. I like it. I keep listening to it on repeat. I find a new song. I don’t get bored of the previous one #ThatsHowIRoll
@FreudsMistress You better not. Watch So You Think You Can Dance, BTW? The audition rounds are quite fun.
@FreudsMistress On my college file sharing network, I found 4 seasons of Gossip Girl here! Not that I’m watching it or anything.. :P
@FreudsMistress I wouldn’t ever unfollow you, geez! In fact I fear you’d get bored of the United/football rants and unfollow me.. :/
@FreudsMistress Who’s that sitting on you, in this new photo, miss? :D
Being Justin Bieber To India is trending. I fear for my country.
Doraemon should be made illegal. I fear brain damage after watching for only 5 minutes.
Fucking hell! Some visitors at home. Their 6 year old daughter’s watching Doraemon. Our TV’s in the living room, I’m not allowed to go away.
As if watching Indian Idol wasn’t enough, my parents need to turn the volume up to enjoy the songs..
Going for the Batman movie! #CustomaryTweetShowingExcitement
@fizzer18 Batman or Spiderman? Or do you like some other superhero?
Sure. What Radio Mirchi will rate Batman as will be the deciding factor on how good the movie is. Fuck off!
I think reinstalling the official twitter app has worked. Not crashed so far..
Both Eden Hazard and Marko Marin scored on their Chelsea debuts (or maybe it’s their second game, I don’t know). That’s impressive..
Thinking of restarting #MassEffect 1 again as I’ve somewhat lost track of the plot, having not played in over 2 years. Want a new character.
#twitter92 is actually quite cool. Meeting supporters from different clubs can be nice. Unless they’re dicks.
You just feel like punching @piersmorgan. I had no idea I could dislike someone so much by just reading what they tweet..
Writing a bio can be very hard. Sentences you think look cool, look so fucking stupid once you’ve written them.
@9GAG Yes! TBH Id stopped reading 9GAG when you shifted to that mobile site where you needed to open individual gags. This is just great! :)
Finally found Maroon 5’s Hands All Over in a retail store here in Ahmedabad, India and I don’t feel like buying it.. #Pirate #YoHoMeHearties
@Little_AIG This is a really cool nickname to have. I’m asking my friends to call me Sharp from now.. :D
That fun moment when the store’s music plays at a higher pitch than normal. Rihanna sounds worse than normal.
Seeing couples huddled behind their two wheelers, at local parks. What exactly are they hiding by meeting at known lover spots?
Wow. Nuon are stealing quotes from How I Met Your Mother and using them on their shirts. Not cool. #westside
Some jokes/tweets sound hilarious in the head but once out, you wonder what exactly were you thinking?
People can have weird twitter handles. Trying to look like badasses, they just look like bad asses.

#Wordplay
Sweet mother of God! 9GAG mobile has introduced infinite scrolling. There really is NO stopping the addiction now, is there?
Amazing Alex and Tiny Wings 2.0 downloaded! Tiny Wings is just a class iOS game.
Frustrating issue with Zephyr is that it interferes with games. Amazing Alex is rendered unplayable because of that. Need to change gesture.
#Zephyr for iOS is a fantastic tweak. One of those you don’t think you need, but when you get, you realize you’d been missing out on it. #4S
Today has started on quite a weird note. The day could go either way!
@Little_AIG Is AIG the ex-United sponsor AIG? Things must be awkward now.. :P
iPhone just got stuck on the respringing screen. Had a mini-heart attack. But a quick reboot solved the issue. Now to trying #dreamboard! :D
@michelleabelle But the iPhone is just awesome. Doesn’t matter if jailbroken or not.. I got it recently. I’m in love!
@michelleabelle If you want to see a step-by-step guide, go to http://t.co/K7uwizUA. They’ve guides with videos/photos for all versions.. :)
@michelleabelle Just take a backup and try. It never fails and even if it does, all you need to do is restore by iTunes. No risks at all. :)
@michelleabelle Batman logo? Don’t you know? I’m Batman.. :P It’s a jailbreak tweak. Excited for the new movie!
@KhushiManUtd I have Rorschach as my photo. Of course I’ll be cruelly honest and not care about it.
@KhushiManUtd Meh. Your heart should be stronger than this. Breaking over me calling your tweets junk? :P
@KhushiManUtd For years? And still only 200-ish followers. Proof you’re tweeting junk! :P M
@KhushiManUtd You didn’t go around following the 400+ people you do manually, did you?
But boy is Tata Docomo’s EDGE sucky in my area at least. A simple tweet just won’t send. Refreshing a timeline takes at least 5 minutes.. :/
Yet another example of Apple’s keen eye for details. When using EDGE, the loading circle in the status bar rotates slowly as compared to 3G.
#BSNL broadband connections are best avoided. They’re freaky cheap and affordable but I’m having connectivity issues galore..
WHOA! RT @kamaalrkhan: Good morning and kiss on the sexy hips of @deepikaPadukone and sexy lips of Diana Penty. It's time to watch #cocktail
@uvcyclotron @NS130393 Check out KRK. You’ll NOT regret it.. @kamaalrkhan
This is great. I finally checked out @kamaalrkhan on twitter. Things are going to be awesome. #KRK
Sometimes I’m very close to asking a United player for an RT or something.. :/
Burn It Down, by #LinkinPark is a boss tune! Been listening to it on repeat for over a day now..
@KhushiManUtd Oi, how did you do the mass follow thing? I’m thinking of at least getting a few more non-spam followers..
Just saw a school “maxi”. When you fill up 20 kids into a school van, you absolutely must call it a “maxi” rather than a taxi.
@michelleabelle This is how it is in my timeline.. XD http://t.co/talHYw1L
9GAG has been ruined by the new mobile site layout. Why fix something that isn’t broken?
Stuck outside home. Parents out, got no keys. Perfect.
@xaxank You unfollowed me. How am I going to live life now? Twitter is ruined for me!
@KhushiManUtd What up? Valencia got 7. Powell 25, Kagawa 26.
@xaxank Dude, while 45 followers is nothing to brag about, I still have 9 times more followers than you..
Subtitles are awkward. There are times (or shows) you just need to have them. But having them means you read them, not concentrate on video.
There was a time when The Big Bang Theory used to be about nerds and science jokes and stuff. Nw it’s just a rom-com with relationship stuff
I’m in that week you have after your haircut, when your hair look absolutely fabulous. This window is small.
The awesomeness of Siri.. “Siri, wake me up at 8.” “Alright, I’ll wake you up at 8 this morning.” And she did not forget about waking me up.
Neo Prime’s coverage has to be1 of the worst I’ve seen. Only interested in showing advertisements. Didn’t even show the celebrations in full
FUCKING HELL! NEO PRIME! SHOW THE CELEBRATIONS AND NOT MORE ADVERTISEMENTS! #EURO2012
We don’t get to see any pre-match ceremonies. Adverts right till the ball is kicked off. Even at halftime, there are 14.5 minutes of adverts
Wow, Neo Prime. Just show the ads, why even bother with showing the football? Money greedy whores.
Why Manchester United, why?! Why do you need to have soccer school students from Airtel competitions? It just sucks!
With there being 4 busses bumper-to-bumper in the corridor, they might as well leave out rapid &amp; call it BTS. Bus Transit System. #Ahmedabad
Why is “earthquake” trending in Ahmedabad more important than the quake itself? #PRIORITIES
I was busy watching England vs Ukraine and felt a distinct tremor. Ran to wake my parents but it subsided by then..
Yup. There was an earthquake here in Ahmedabad. Damn.
Not 100% sure. Could have been my imagination..
I think I felt a small tremor here in Ahmedabad..
@KhushiManUtd Yep, August 1st. Playing Juventus. But it turned out to be either rumours or cancelled at the last moment.
@KhushiManUtd Yep. Minting more money via Pepsi. And that’s the thing. Out here, he’s quite a big star as others won’t even bother coming :P
@KhushiManUtd Ha. Say whaaatt? Drogba is getting 25M a year at that Chinese club he’s joining..
@KhushiManUtd Me not talking? AFAIK, it was you who didn’t reply to the last Facebook message. Hmpf. Shebby Singh is a real idiot though! xD
@KhushiManUtd Been away from where? Facebook? Yeah, I guess I have been. But nothing happens there.. Blackburn are going further down now :P
@KhushiManUtd Heard the latest? Shebby Singh is the sporting director of Blackburn Rovers apparently. Haha.
Shebby Singh is the sporting director of Blackburn Rovers now? What next? Andrew Leci to be made chief operating officer? Ruining the club..
@McHappyPants08 Not sure how to respond to this. But at least I didn’t use bombing wrong.
@McHappyPants08 Haha. You’re really bombing at this. #BadluckHP
Finally decides to support Netherlands after a lot of thought. Netherlands go out with 0 points. #BadluckBrian
Excited about Liverpool signing a new midfielder. Liverpool sign Charlie Adam. #BadluckBhuvan
Sanath Jayasuriya dancing. Proof Indian reality television needs help ASAP.
Being emotionally blackmailed into going for Ferrari ki Sawaari. But I shall not bow down.
The bastards at Twittelator Neue want $2 per year for enabling push notifications! Thank you, not interested.
Why would you add your location into your tweets? More of a gimmick than anything else.
When you get a notification for twitter, you just feel so happy. It’s been quiet around here..
I love Kai Rooney. The cute little thing.
To make it worse, my PC wifi isn't working. BSNL bastards.
3G can suck when there isn't proper network coverage. My phone's battery dies within 7-8 hours max..
Fully expecting Netherlands and Denmark to go through after seeing what happened last night.. Football, bloody hell!
Is Twittelator Neue kidding me? Beautiful beautiful animations, UI effects, and the lot. The way they load pictures from tweets is stylish..
Twittelator Neue is looking FANTASTIC! I'm switching over from TweetBot for a while.
Went to the dentist.. And there are no cavities, bitches!
The sweet sound of the tri-tone as soon as you connect to your home wifi.
I have too many spam followers..
@iamsrk Why isn’t a Baadshah sequel happening? That movie was fantastic! #BaadshahBhai
Wow. I never realized the hidden penis size references in Baadshah.. “Chhote Chhote hathiyar”.
Kisi ko shak bhi nahi ho sakta ki tumhari jeb mein toffee bomb hai! #Baadshah
Baadshah bhai! Baadshah bhai! I’ve seen Baadshah more than 50 times and I never get bored of it.
@uvcyclotron @NS130393 Check out #TwitterDialogues. Some pretty impressive stuff out there!
Does this tweet look like a bitch? #TwitterDialogues
Murali Vijay delivering when his team needed him the most. And then does a Tim Cahill celebration! #IPL #CSK
Mahendra Singh Dhoni is my Indian man-crush. Along with most of the #CSK squad.
Dhoni with a mini-helicopter shot! #IPL
@KhushiManUtd What happened though? That message had a hidden meaning, I know. But what?
What a time for Murali Vijay to decide to play! #IPL
GOL! GOL! GOL! GO- Wait. Wicket! Wicket! #IPL
At least a wicket fell. Nevermind how. #IPL
Hilfenhaus and Smith.. Fucking fuck.
Aaaaargh! Ben Hilfenhaus! Wake up.
Dang. Chennai need to get a wicket.
@ParekhPriyal Erm.. I spoke too soon. :/
Hilfenhaus and Mumbai Indians go a long way back eh? Long way = the last CSK MI match.. :P
@ParekhPriyal What were you planning to do? :O Plus, you have to talk to people more often to blackmail them! B)
@ParekhPriyal IPL, yeah. 73 off 29 balls! This is my original account.. :P
@ParekhPriyal That's what Chennai are saying.. :P You've missed some sensational stuff.
Malinga ki pant utar gayi.. :) #IPL
Dhoni and his helicopter! #IPL
One day Malinga's hand will reach the wicket along with the ball too.. #IPL
@KhushiManUtd Said United to Ronaldinho.. Got Ronaldo.
Typically Vijay. He's been pathetic throughout this season.. #IPL
My iPhone's carrier now reads "Giggity INC.".. #Quagmire
No more Michael Owen for Manchester United sadly.. Will miss that man a lot.
So, new number 9 next season. Welbeck? Or are we getting a new striker?
I had heated arguments in school with friends who said Tevez was far better and Berbatov sucked.
iBooks is a wonderful little thing. Now reading the Hunger Games trilogy on it.. (Before you get me for piracy, I do own the books too.. :P)
Not sure how I can access the quick tweet window in the iOS 5.0.1 normally, but Fusion is looking incredible. Posts to Facebook as well.. :)
@SebastienPage I thought about it, but I'd be restored to 5.1, and there's no untethered jailbreak and I'm not sure if my Gevey works there.
This is THE Manchester United we love.
@SebastienPage I searched around actually. Disabling lock screen notifications solves the issue.. But it is a massive loss in functionality.
@SebastienPage Have you ever experienced a stutter in the notification sounds? Especially texts and twitter. Otherwise, the 4S is beautiful!
Using the built-in iOS twitter integration! Wonderful thing this!
@SebastienPage Yeah, I got a SIM from a friend and it worked! Will now use Turbo SIM to unlock. Thanks! Been reading iDB for a long time. :)
@SebastienPage I was just wondering if I'd need the original SIM to  activate first. Or will any AT&amp;T SIM work? Thanks a lot for helping! :)
@SebastienPage Can Turbo SIM be used to activate an iPhone 4S? My 4S got deactivated (locked to AT&amp;T US, don't have orig SIM). I'm in India.
@JeffBenjam Hey I'm in India. Got a deactivated 4S (lockd to US AT&amp;T) without original SIM. Can I activate (not unlck) with dif US AT&amp;T SIM?
My head has been spinning all day..
This match was as good as football. What a comeback. Buzzing. Albie Morkel was fabulous. #IPL #CSK
Virat Kohli is a good player. But he's very arrogant and very aggressive. #IPL #CSK #RCB
Damn. I jinxed the poor bastard.. #CSK #IPL
Du Plessis and Raina could take the match away from Delhi.. #FingersCrossed #CSK #DC #IPL
Mahela Jayawardene looks like someone smacked him hard on his head and now his neck is gone.. #IPL
Holy crap. I realized I last refreshed my Seesmic twitter timeline on March 10th. Exactly a month ago.
Whoa @uvcyclotron, what're all the links about?
Murali Vijay needs to be dropped to get his head sorted.. #IPL #CSK
http://t.co/MO4B1OGW usually run an April Fool's Day prank. A few years ago it was about Portugal selling Ronaldo to Spain to ease debts....
THE FARTINATOR?! Haha! RT @rioferdy5: Jonny Evans aka The Fartinator is a machine! Letting off bombs!
I'm getting a lot of spam on Gmail. Wonder where I gave my email id?
A dude giving a speech in class? Over-emoting? Add rap beats (made by your mouth ofc) and enjoy as the boring speech turns into a funny rap!
Our teacher's hexagons are polygons with EIGHT sides. Which teacher? He won't be named or there might be consequences..
I didn't understand the fuss behind Charlie Sheen leaving Two and a Half Men. Now that I've seen 3 seasons, I can't imagine it without him..
I don't tweet everyday. But when I do, I fucking go on tweet streaks. #MeGusta
My teacher pronounced zones as Jones. Not me of course. Blimey!
One does not simply pronounce "zones" as "Jones" and not think about Phil Superman Jones..
Shifting from Airtel to Docomo means I don't get Twitter texts. This means I've been out of touch with my timeline and the football tweets..
Saints Row The Third has nut shots! When I hit it the first time, my character said, "Well uhmm.. That was interesting..." #SoMuchWin #SRIII
Chelsea are close to the semi-final of the Champions League. A sneaky feeling inside me tells that they could go all the way to the final...
#Plume's homescreen widget certainly leaves #twicca's far far behind.. But is it a CPU and battery hog? That certainly remains to be seen..
I still think that Twicca's unobtrusive, non-glamorous  interface works great. Does the job. Plume works for higher-end phones. Not SG Ace..
Plume for Twitter looking good! Was very laggy the last time I was in town..
Saints Row The Third is my new The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim. A wacky game with great graphics. Just don't try finding sense in the "action"....
I am a serial serial watcher. I confess to my crimes.
What "La Biblioteca" is to Community, "Underneath The Moonlight (Do You)" is for Modern Family. Weird awesomeness.
Rule 101: Never ever agree to go mall touring with your parents for a bribe of coffee or KFC mojitos. You'll probably end up getting nothing
To be honest, I am surprised how Petr Cech can be considered a better goalkeeper for the decade ahead of Edwin Van der Sar?
The temperatures sure are falling ridiculously at the moment. Who'd think this is February, in Ahmedabad?
Had no idea Twitter had bought over Tweetdeck. This Chrome extension is pretty awesome! Makes having the app completely redundant now for me
I underestimated the convenience of syncing my contacts to my Google account. This shit is convenient.
It's funny how I suddenly feel like doing everything I wouldn't do otherwise when my exams are near.. Gotta concentrate, but I just cannot..
I hate the weekends just before an exam. God I hate exams.
It could be accounts tweeting his lyrical. But I never thought Khalifa has been that big a star yet. So this is a very weird thing out here!
Just how many Wiz Khalifa fake accounts are there on Twitter? It's unbelievable. Surprisingly, many are more than decent.
The #Docomo counter-girl manages to recharge some other number with my money. My number remains reactivated for a full day as a result... :/
@GNev2 How many different artists do you listen to, Gary? Your song recommendations rarely are from the same artist twice.
Happy birthday, @shelleyjindal!
Someone asked me if I am an M Tech student. Freaking awesome that because if you were to test it, you'd wonder how I'm in college at all! ;)
Twitter suggesting I should follow Samir Nasri. I feel like ripping the app from the screen! #Overreaction
THIS IS ARSENAL! "@sickipediabot: What do you call a footballer that can carry 10 mugs at once, but no cups? Robin van Persie"
@fizzer18 Not that cool TBH. Try Horrible Bosses. Way way better. Plus a different concept.
Seriously hooked to the whole idea of watching TV Shows on a computer. Have not seen a proper movie in nearly 40 days or so.... #HIMYM #TBBT
Mystery solved. They're rebuilding a section of the highway, and thus have created a bottleneck. Bottleneck on a national highway.. #Indians
What is up with all the traffic on the highway going from Ahmedabad to Gandhinagar? As if my college run wasn't late already.. Geez. #Stuck.
Cake sharing. Getting ALL the people in a party to bite from a single piece is CRAZY. Whoever started this tradition?!
Been forced into going to a birthday party of some family friends' daughter. God I hate this.
@xaxank Y U NO TWEET? Look at my number of tweets..
@adamlevine Maroon 5 just have to release a proper studio release of Not Coming Home in the next album! #SoFuckinAwesome #FanRequest
@rioferdy5 @themichaelowen Dubious decisions have cost #MUFC the league.. Remember Drogba's clear offside goal at Old Trafford in 2009-2010?
First tweet from my Mac OS X Lion Twitter app! Boy is this a nice eye-candy intensive world.
@amywr3 And then his gloom when the third was conceded. Very passionate.
@KhushiManUtd Almost certain. Facebook is still important as, well, most of the people I know aren't using Twitter. That's the only issue...
@KhushiManUtd Long time here? Nah. I occasionally get those urges to tweet, and I do. Facebook? Dunno. Just didn't feel like it.. repetitive
@KhushiManUtd I can get the sarcasm in this. But the reason evades me.
@Vanja_MUFC  So you say you wouldn't take Iniesta and Modric if they were available? I'd snap you off, let alone your arm if you offer that!
@Vanja_MUFC Wht are you going against his idea? I think it's a glorious one, though super-duper unrealistic!
Nope. Pidgin is too simplistic, and only offers chatting. Trillian is like Tweetdeck, but looks like a Windows 7 extension. Blends in easy..
Trillian for Windows is a decent looking setup.. Now trying Pidgin.
That Lord Voldemort guy is now deviating from his Harry Potter puns a little too often. Getting boring now.
Waiting outside a cosmetics shop, while my parents are inside shopping. On a weekend. And here I am tweeting. My life sucks at times. Damn..
I suppose having played a lot of Skyrim, playing an older Elder Scrolls game will be too much of a graphics quality shock. Missed out on em.
Funny how I have been searching for a game just like Skyrim for ages. And there were Oblivion, and Morrowind before it which I never played!
Yep, I'm one of those Skyrim addicts too. But I'm sometimes scared of exploring caves.. Weird, agreed.
@totalskitzo Yes, it was pretty good. Too bad we couldn't keep a clean-sheet though. Fletcher out-jumped Evra by quite a margin to head in..
Good lord, this Sun is killing me. Ironic this. The Sun ensures there's life in the first place, but then this itself is causing discomfort.
You know something's wrong with your city's radio stations when there are 5, and NOT ONE has had a listenable song playing for 10+ minutes..
@joefooty United are in the Europa League now, so are the Champions League players cup-tied still? Or is it not as we have played in the CL?
@joefooty Could you use the Champions League background for the Europa League? Difficult for me to accept United are out.. I'll miss this...
@joefooty The sound (commentary + rest) in the Ten HD channel is tinny. Hasn't improved for so long now.. please get it looked if possible..
Every and all partition 'utilities' that help partitioning the HDDs from Windows itself are crap. I used Gparted Live CD, and it's flawless.
Also, I deleted the recovery partitions without a backup. I wouldn't restore to the Dell bloated state. Plus needed the primary partitions..
Did a complete wipe of my Dell XPS 15's hard-disk drive. Now reinstalling a fresh Window 7, followed by Mac OS X Lion, and Ubuntu 11.10.. :)
@joefooty The fourth one is pretty obvious! QPR, isn't it?
Just wondering how those sumo wrestlers remain alive even? All that flab must be a big load on their heart.. Or maybe they have sumo hearts.
@OSullivanMUFC Haha.. but this hasn't been the first time mate! You've been tweeting at odd times quite often now! #Gangsta
@OSullivanMUFC Whatchya doing up so late?
Paul Parker has an issue with Ryan Giggs. Why be bitter? Praise the team, they've not played as bad as you are making them look.... @essafc.
@HayleeBiitch Oh.. Sorry! I didn't report you as spam BTW.. ;)
@essafc Ryan Giggs and Michael Carrick proving Paul Parker really is just bitter most of the times..
@essafc Please improve the quality of the commentary. It was fantastic 2 seasons ago, but has dropped significantly. Eve vs Wol's is sleepy.
Weird kind of spam.. RT @HayleeBiitch: @tanmayjindal gcictcx
@Lord_Voldemort7 RT @TheAwkwardTweet: The awkward moment when people are complaining about sizes of their nose when Voldemort's in the room.
It used to be a hard day's night. Now these are hard night's days.
The amount of spam followers I have.. *sigh* But at least they make up the numbers.
There's an Apple fanboy (most likely a showoff, the way he's behaving so far) roaming around, and I was worried about bringing a Galaxy Ace!
A dude at the Resource Centre (Library) is reading on an iPad, uses an iPhone (lying next to his books), now takes out his MacBook Air. Whoa
@Vanja_MUFC He found a bug in the iOS somewhere. That's what I could make out from his tweets (without translating!). Cool eh?
Now I'm tweeting, and bashing the teacher, from the college's wifi itself. Ha.
Students coming to the library without spare pens should be banned from entering. Students without pens have trouble studying due to them..!
The dude I came with is furiously solving sums on MY papers, cos he brought a pen. I bring the books, but he brings the pen and he studies..
Talk about wasting time. Planned to study Maths, studying IT. Because of a pen. I have asked around the whole library, no one has a spare...
So now I'm stuck in the campus, without proper reading material. I have the library, and my notes. But I forgot to bring a pen! I'm in a fix
So, the teacher asks us to meet him, for our evaluation, in the morning. I go there, from home, and the secretary says he'll come after 2...
Plus I have to study. Which I'm not in the mood to do. Might get pissed off to a level where I'll just do a full wipe. Or use an old phone..
Friendcaster won't login properly. Tweetdeck won't accrss this Twitter account. Official Facebook app keeps force-closing. I'm agitated atm!
I'm really pissed off with the issues logging in that I'm facing. Tweetdeck password reset, Facebook password asks for resetting every time.
Unable to figure out how to logoff, and turn the laptop off. I feel like I'm back in 1996, with my old Win95 powered PC. #KinderGartenMemory
Love how there's only a browser window style interface, and apps are installed as Chrome extensions. I've yet to figure out how to shutdown!
Just tried out Google's Chromium OS (Hexxeh's Vanilla Build). Nice concept, gave life to our old Lenovo laptop. Doesn't support touchpad tho
@OSullivanMUFC I think you need to sleep! Why up so late anyway?
I really should have got a thumb-drive, instead of uploading an 80 MB file to #Dropbox and then downloading it again.. Poor planning from me
The best way to sort out a PC : "This is SPARTA!", and kick it hard. Punching will do as well, but doesn't go too well with the battle cry..
If the class is cancelled, because of the PC output and LiveCam not switching properly, there'll be riots! At least in my head.. and GTA IV.
Technical fault at an institute teaching Computer Science, and Information Technology. Can there be a better case of irony? This is a joke !
I think the charges of racism against Luis Suarez and John Terry will be dropped. "For lack of evidence".. #SameOld
With WidgetLocker, Smart Keyboard, & LP SenseMod running in the background, running a lightweight app like twicca (seems light!) makes sense
I think Plume will be perfect, when I get a phone with stronger architecture. Currently, my Galaxy Ace cannot handle it when multitasking...
I am well and truly on the fence regarding a decision to make between using #Seesmic, or #twicca. Plume/Tweetcaster are okay. Too heavy IMO.
Hate it when you have to go to college after a lazy weekend. That when there's only one scheduled class, of one hour. Should've cancelled it
@xaxank Are you that same old perverted dude?
@princerocks92 Chanji bhai? What's up?
I'm in love with my lockscreen.. Charizard!
The verdict is still unclear. Lots of features each app has, and subsequently leaves wanting. Maybe I need a deeper analysis.. #PlumeVSTCPro
At the moment, Plume looks quite refined in terms of the Twitter feed looks. TC Pro is a bit flashy (the reason why I dumped Twidroyd). Hmm.
Trying out Tweetcaster Pro. It is a battle between Plume, and TC Pro, and both are looking great so far! @uvcyclotron @NS130393, do try 'em.
If anything, the Indian independence struggle was of very weak people against a superpower. WW1/WW2 was between countries who were equals...
The British are getting excited about #PoppyPower. Agreed it's huge. Look at what us Indians do about our freedom struggles? Nothing major..
Whoa! AirTel's 3G vs EDGE, Speedtest.net results. Download/Upload: 282 kbps/160 kbps vs 20 kbps/ 10 kbps. Once I'm back to EDGE I'll miss 3G
The whole year is a vacation for me. Studying? That's part time.. #ThatsHowIRoll
Yeehaw! It's vacation time baby!
How do I get rid of this freeloading 'friend' I've managed to make in college? Things suck really big out here..
Or maybe it's a one-day glitch. But I'm using it, and haven't been charged. Nor have I activated any plan.. #RandomStupidAirtel #Freebies...
I noticed my Airtel data charges were incredibly low, to a point where no deduction occurred. Then I found out I've got complimentary 3G....
Using air-conditioning in October, nearing November.. something somewhere is wrong with the weather. Plus there was sunshine in Manchester..
@uvcyclotron Oh.. How did I miss this tweet? Didn't get a text update either.. Ah well, welcome back sire! Been a very very long time.. \m/.
Only 2-0, I feared Barcelona would get clobbered yesterday.. #NotReally #IHateBarca #PoorSarcasm
Tweeting from the college lab. The space bar on the keyboard barely exists, needs to be hammered to use. All fun sites are blocked.. #Bored.
@joefooty 'Remind me', 'Real Madrid will win the league', 'Oooohh'.. That was an awesome facial expression! Part of what makes C2K special..
@NS130393 I know @uvcyclotron won't agree, but follow loads of random MUFC fans. Then it gets interesting and fun. Follow, follow back FTW!
@NS130393 Changing of the guard, or whatever the appropriate phrase is. New legends will spring up, and life will move on. You on Twitter?!!
So Jagjit Singh is dead. Whoa.
Why should there be an exam just after Navratri and Dusshera?! Why?! #DAIICT
What's the name of your Android app @rioferdy5? I cannot find anything with "Rio Ferdinand" in India.. :/
Does coffee cause headaches? Erm..
I'm reaching the age where the people who've defined the times I live in, are slowly ageing, and dying. #RIPSteveJobs
@chpwn I'm disappointed iPhone doesn't have an app to summon aliens. Android is better..
Disappointed with the #iPhone4S. No way to call aliens? Boo! #GetJobsBack
This Navratri has been absolute bollocks so far for me.. Nothing happening. At all.
Y U NO TWEET ANYMORE? @uvcyclotron @NS130393
Good for you.. #SpammerAlert RT @KirstenMurrain1: @tanmayjindal I'm going to win a iphone www.bilge.in/zrb?=mtqz
I'm torn between Seesmic and Twicca. Fantastic Android Twitter clients. Tweetbot for iPhone is another good app to use.
@andrewleci Is this a fake account mate? You're sounding quite controversial! BTW, those Torres puns this weekend were fantastic. Well done!
@joefooty There is no commentary or score in the Ten Action HD channel..
My next tweet will see me on level 19.
@essafc 'Torres at hand to make a defensive clearance'? That was an awesome moment, Andrew Leci. Well said!
If I want to follow people, I'll use twitter. Facebook is for people I know. Why do they have to keep changing the layouts and styles? Geez.
@joefooty Will Ten Action/Sports be showing the Carling Cup match between Leeds United and Manchester United on the 20th of September? #MUFC
I just realized I can chat with my Gmail account, using that same account. All thanks to eBuddy.
@joefooty The last debate was not logical.. Giggs has been at the very top, for 20 years almost.. Is that not world class? Very surprising..
@joefooty Pele or Maradona were the best in THEIR era. Now the level has improved vastly. Not necessary they'd be that good in these times..
@joefooty The volume levels of Ten Action HD, and Ten Sports HD were different. Had to keep readjusting it while switching.. Rest was great!
@chpwn Did you pack in a charger for the afterlife? RIP.
I feel sleepy in class when I sleep at 12. The routine time. Last night, I slept at 3, and I've never been this awake in a lecture before...
Cannot wait for tonight's Manchester United game. Saw Milan/Barcelona and Arsenal/Dortmund last night. Both ending in last minute draws #UCL
Help! The DVD we're being shown is corrupted. This lecture is now boring! #DAIICT #Mahabharata
@nickcoppack Is NICKelodeon your favourite cartoons channel?
@rioferdy5 You've had your wisdom tooth removed, and mine is just coming out. It's very painful!
Another Justin Bieber trending topic.. Jesus Christ. These 'Beliebers' need to be locked up. Along with that git.
Lionel Messi is NOT the Tendulkar of football. Tendulkar has achieved a LOT over MANY years. Don't undermine ST. Ryan Giggs is more like it.
The awkward moment when you try and do #FFs but don't have that many followers to do so. @TheAwkwardTweet
#FF @uvcyclotron @NS130393 They're the N and U (not respectively), of the NUTs. Worth a pitiful follow.. :P
#FF @maffff @michelleabelle @DanielBrown1997 @markjgibson89 @fazzy87 @zharries Football fans I tweet to..  And all but one support #MUFC...!
@Vanja_MUFC But there is Petrucci! Haven't seen that dude in a looong time. Exciting talent.
Oh lord, I hate Mesh Analysis. I hate Nodal Analysis. And I have an exam tomorrow morning. Yikes! Gonna be a looooooonggggg night I fear....
I've heard 'Never Gonna Leave This Bed' 223 times, 'Misery' 178, 'I Can't Lie' 145, in one month. I'm @maroon5 and @adamlevine obsessed.. :)
People are obsessed with Messi's arrival. Pretty sure he doesn't give a shit. Friendly. VS Venezuela. In an Asian country. Not too exciting.
Look at @TOISportsNews. "Messi looks magical in training". He's not sprinkling fairy fucking dust everywhere on the ground, is he? #obsessed
@HarryPotterish Help! I think I've just missed the train. Cannot enter the platform. Should I fly a car to Hogwarts too? :)
@adamlevine Someone who has just one cookie.. :P
@WolffEikrem7 Any possibility of you coming back to #MUFC someday? A central midfield of Cleverley, Anderson and Eikrem would be exciting...
People asking for retweets for 'motivation', birthdays, 'cheering up' need to think about what they're doing. Pathetic.
@R_o_M #StillWantCurlyHair? :/
@ManUtd_Fact The players who opened the scoring against Arsenal in the 6-1 win, and the 8-2 one, both wore number 19. Yorke, Welbeck.
The players who opened the scoring against Arsenal in the 6-1 win, and the 8-2 one, both wore number 19. Yorke, Welbeck.
Think it's time I build some reputation here.. 41 followers? Geez.. :P
I want to watch a movie now.. it's very boring studying for exams. Let alone Electronics. And Calculus.
@DanielBrown1997 I think you're following 1994 people. Go on, follow three more and you'd be following 1997! :P
The awkward moment when you have more spam followers than real ones on Twitter.
Ollo @uvcyclotron @NS130393 Where have you been?
Would be interesting how they do against Chelsea and Manchester City. Need huge improvement. Else could lose 3-1, 4-1 easily. Not 8-2 tho..!
Considering fact that Arsenal last conceded 8 or more goals in 1896, this was huge for #MUFC. Have a nasty feeling #AFC will lose big again.
Sunday evening was amazing.. I was confident United would do good against Arsenal. Then saw Coquelin start.. Thought it'd be good. Not 8-2!?
@fazzy87 lol. His facial expressions and posture are class.. fantastic ball for Welbeck though.
Oooh oooh looky kooky who's on Twitter.. @kamaalrkhan.. is he shite at tweeting too? :)
@uvcyclotron @NS130393 I will have to send my phone for repair. My speaker is making weird buzzing distortions at even 9/15 volume level. :(
Help! My Samsung Galaxy Ace's speakers are gone.. Producing weird bzz sounds at volume levels of even 10/15. In ALL my songs, stock tones..!
Radio stations that like to add their name into songs ought to piss off. Very irritating to hear 'Radio City 91.1 FM' in middle of a song...
Beautiful rains here.. #AboutTime I love the monsoon season!
Just completed my 'creative assignment'.. Norton's theorem. #WasteOfTime
@singgihgumelar Am I Giggs? Noooo! LOL..
