doyin266
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1744380878/baba_201_400x400.jpg
RT @guardian_sport: Manchester United hopeful of Marcos Rojo being fit to face Aston Villa. By @JamieJackson___ http://t.co/PmaW6rq46o #mufc
@usweekly as
RT @usweekly: Tori Spelling and Jennie Garth's girls Stella and Fiona are BFFs just like their moms! http://t.co/5V5JByHd3t http://t.co/J3X…
@usweekly dxcxccccccccccccccdccxcxcccdcdxcdcdccccccccdxxdccxddccxcddcccccccdccdddcccdcccccccxcccccxcxdccxccccdccdccxll
"What the terrorists are doing is against Islam because Islam is a religion of peace. It tells us about equality and justice
@Bomb blast,jos.This a menace to the society.Some set of unwanted element just feel they can harras us with their unruly behaviour.
God have mercy on us,another bomb blast in jos,plateau state.
RT @LovePhrase: A true friend
-cares like a mom,
-scolds like a dad,
-teases like a sister,
-irritates like a brother,
-loves more than a l…
I am no bird,and no net ensnares me,I am a free human beign with an independent will.
RT @ItsLifeFact: Every day has a new beginning, a new blessing, and a new hope. That is God's gift to us.
You are not a failure until you give up
You are not a failure until you give up
You are not a failure until you give up
You are not a failure until you give up
Love conquers all
You are not a failure until you give up
You are not a failure until you give up
You are not a failure until you give up
We give up everything as soon as we want everything for ourselves. We gain everything as soon as we want everything for everyone else.
You are not a failure until you give up
You are not a failure until you give up
You are not a failure until you give up
You are not a failure until you give up
Seme border http://t.co/8w6OOwxu7i
You are not a failure until you give up
Seme and muf http://t.co/HuClzLLNJD
If its reduce by 10%,you will die
If the amount of water in your body is reduce by just 1%,you'll feel thirsty.
A person can live without food for about a month,but only about a week without water.
Wearing headphones for just an  hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
If you keep yours eyes open by force when you sneeze,you might pop an eyeball out.
If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
If you sneeze too hard,you can fracture a rib.
You may not want to know yourself because you are afraid of what you may find out.
Everyone makes mistakes, but always remember to admit your own first before you point out someone else's.
Don’t cry over someone who’s not willing to wipe away your tears.
Akpos updates his facebook status"Thank you lord just got my salary".He became sad when 10 secnds later his landlord liked his status
Cheating on a good person is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.
One day you're going to miss me chasing you, you're going to miss my annoyingness, you're going to miss how much I cared about you.
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
Life is easy when you: 1) don't compare yours to others. 2) don't look to your past. 3) don't care about what people say.
Never let the way people view you distort the way you view yourself
Someone out there is counting on your fear and depending on your ignorance. Make it your business to disappoint them today.
A girl's laughter is much more cheerful than a boy's, but a boy's tear is much more meaningful than a girl's.
Less sugar, more fruit. Less meat, more vegetables. Less soda, more water. Less driving, more walking. Less worry, more sleep.
Your miracle could be just around the corner . Keep your faith up and keep praying.
Problems is God's personal message to teach us the lesson of life. Learn from it!
Bringing up people's mistakes without remembering their kindness, that's childishness.
If they make you unhappy, then don't keep them around.
Sometimes I have to realize that some people can stay in my hearts but not in my life.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
Most people are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Never change for anyone, the right person will understand you and accept you the way you are.
To judge a person by their weakest attribute is like judging the power of the ocean by one wave.
When you see a person without a smile, give them yours.
Never lie to someone that trusts you. Never trust someone that lied to you.
Embrace the difficulties and just keep moving forward. Life will be as easy or as hard as you make it.
The smile on my face doesn't mean my life is perfect. It means I appreciate what I have and what God has blessed me with.
I don't want you to save me. I want you to stand by my side as I save myself.
Honestly, I don't need someone who sees the good in me. I need someone who sees the bad in me and still wants me.
The longer you wait, the less likely it will happen. Go make it happen.
Strength. A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but its persistence.
Don't let your struggle become your identity.
I wish memories were like text messages. I could delete the ones I don't like, and lock the ones I love.
The best way to appreciate something is to be without it for awhile.
A perfect relationship = Two people never giving up on each other.
That fake laugh you do when you don?t understand what somebody just said to you.
In every shop, there's always that one employee who stares at you like you're about to steal something.
Life is tough, but you must be tougher.
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time forces you to appreciate what you had.
Good things come to those who wait... better things come to those who don't give up.. &amp; the best things come to those who believe!
Bomb blasts in Borno, 6 soldiers feared dead, two others injured - http://t.co/51yrocvZBw
It's a good thing that we feel pain, because it wakes us up to the situation we're in, and to the fact that we care about it.
The most difficult thing in life is not only to know yourself but to also be yourself.
Life is too precious to stress yourself out by worrying about everything. Relax, have fun, and enjoy the learning process.
One small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.
Slow progress is better than no progress.
People make mistakes, so forgive and forget.
When people walk out of your life, let them. You might miss them, but remember that you're not the one that gave up.
Men always complain about gold diggers but won't go for an educated woman that makes more money than him.
People should just be honest.
Best friends make the good times better and the hard times easier.
The person who makes you happiest is the person who can hurt you the most.
Don't make her wait for you, just because you know she will.
Sometimes it’s better to have nobody at all, than to have someone that is only there for you half the time.
Friendship is the rainbow between two hearts sharing seven colors: feelings, love, sadness, happiness, truth, faith, secret and respect.
You give me reasons to smile, good times to laugh about but most of all you give me memories I could never forget.
If you got somebody who will ride through thick &amp; thin and hold it down for you, don't ever play them. You'll end up playing yourself.
Do not resist the pain. Allow it to be there. Surrender to the grief, despair, fear, loneliness, or whatever firm the suffering takes.
Be grateful for what you have, work hard for what you don't have.
"life is not a problem to be solved but rather a mystery to be lived."
Live beautifully. Dream passionately. Love completely.
You will fight for it. You will give it everything you have. You will make yourself better for tomorrow. You will succeed.
Girls need to start looking for guys who have goals, ambitions, and an education. Cause 10yrs from now "SWAG" isn't going to pay the bills.
As long as that 1 person makes you happy, it shouldn't matter what other people say.
You don't get it by wishing, staring, or hoping. You don't get it easy. You get it by working your ass off every single day.
Excuses are for people who don't want it bad enough.
When a girl really likes you, she's thinking of you while she's busy, not just when she's alone and bored.
RT @ndtv: In Vatican, cardinals head to conclave to elect pope for troubled Church http://t.co/l7Pw42OgAb
RT @CoupleTexts: Wanting someone you can't have? That shit hurts.
RT @DreamsMatic: Failure lies concealed in every success, and success in every failure.
RT @BestLoveNotes: You can't always decide who walks into your life, but you can decide which window to throw them out of.
RT @BestLoveNotes: Ten Worst Feelings: Cheated on. Over thinking. Lied to. Heart broken. Not cared for. Losing. Scared. Assuming. Nervou ...
RT @idillionaire: Be amazing. Be good. Be pretty. Be strong. Be smart. Be cool. But the most important thing is, be yourself.
RT @idillionaire: "Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
RT @DreamsMatic: Dont wait for opportunity, create it.
RT @DarrynLyonsMrP: “Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." -
Eleanor Roosevelt”
Life is too short to care or to hold grudges on those who shouldn't matter one bit.
@allafrica
@allafrica: U.S. Voters Re-elect President @BarackObama http://t.co/Bl6EOclE http://t.co/0eKoUQGL
Worry is the interest paid to those who borrow trouble
The poor will always complain
What ever you give attention to will surely give you direction
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives."
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
Sometimes you have to fall from the mountain to realize what you are climbing for.
Be strong enough to stand alone, smart enough to know when you need help, and brave enough to ask for it.
Always be honest with yourself and others. Living a life of honesty creates peace of mind, and peace of mind is priceless!
If you feel like everyone is judging you all the time, realize that we often feel this way when we are too busy judging ourselves.
Confidence is your best accessory.. never leave home without it.
It's crazy how quickly people can forget about you, until they want something from you.
Most importantly, keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there is so much to smile about.
If they can make you laugh, they can make you happy.
Don't make decisions just because you're angry, and don't make promises just because you're happy.
People without visions, hopes, dreams, ambition, or desire to win will go out of their way to kill yours.
Never let someones opinion become your reality Never sacrifice who u are or who u aspire to be because someone else has a problem with it.
Some people never pursue their dreams because they look at all the ways it can go wrong before they’ve even taken the first step.
If we all threw our problems in a pile and saw everyone else’s, we would grab ours back.
No matter who you are no matter what you did no matter where you’ve come from, you can always change and become a better version of yourself
Positive thinking is at the forefront of every great success story.
Patience guards us against losing our presence of mind so we can remain undisturbed, even when the situation is really difficult.
That awkward moment when someone asks you what’s wrong and they’re the problem.
Great people talk about ideas. Average people talk about things. Small people talk about other people.
Dont think too much. Youll create a problem that wasnt even there in the first place.
You can't make the same mistake twice, the second time, it's not a mistake, it's a choice.
If you don't like drama, stop inviting it inside your house- lock the door and refuse to open it
Start practicing the golden rule. If you want love, give love. If you want friends, be friendly. If you want money, provide value.
U cant be everything to everyone but u can be everything to a few people Decide who these people are in ur life and treat them like royalty
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
One of the hardest decisions you'll ever face in life is choosing whether to 'walk away' or 'try harder'.
Ladies know your worth, don't ever come 'second' in his life when you're good enough to be 'first' in someone else's.
She didn't leave you for making too many mistakes, she left because you made the same mistake too many times.
Everybody deserves someone who make them look forward to tomorrow.
It is in running away from our "monsters" that we make them seem so real.
What your children learn from your actions is far more important than what they learn from our words.
Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher. Life is already filled with enough people who want to bring you down.
Our leaders are the cabals; they lied to us, stolen from us, misused our resources, treat us bad and expect us to die in slavery.
The hottest place in hell is reserved for those who in moment of National crises maintain their neutrality
A true friend is a source of encouragement, laughter and support.
Life is too precious to stress yourself out by worrying about everything. Relax, have fun, and enjoy the learning process.
People are always looking for more and forget about what they already have.
God created Man before Woman but that's only because he wanted to save the BEST for LAST.
You can`t live a positive life with a negative mind.  Get rid of the Negativity Now!
A woman who doesn't ask for anything, deserves everything.
When you try, you hope. When you do, you succeed.
Smile. Let everyone know that today you’re a lot stronger than you were yesterday.
"The purpose of any meaningful government is the welfare and security of the people." -
Contest to WIN a NEW Blackberry Curve 2 in Nigeria  http://t.co/9IIBH5WC
#subsidyprotest: Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode at Abuja Labour protest, asks Jonathan to rescind decision on fuel hike.
subsidyprotest: Senate president assures of a meeting between Labour and Jonathan today!
Helo anne,how ar u
Police Kill Fuel Protesters, Says Union Leader
30 Injured in Kano As Policemen Shoot At Protesters
Nigeria...The cost of a liter of gasoline shot up from 65 naira (40 cents) to at least 141 naira (86 cents) virtually overnight.
Price of fuel more than doubles amid anger from Nigerians
Thousands of Nigerians have taken to the streets in protest over fuel subsidy removal
Nigeria's government removed fuel subsidy on New Year's day ending
Nigerian police have fired live ammunition and teargas to disperse crowds protesting against fuel subsidy cuts in Nigeria.
@allafrica: Nigerian State Declares Curfew; Hundreds Flee Homes: http://t.co/VuVY6uDE
Nigeria boils on fuel subsidy
Say no to fuel subsidy
Happy new year
FHAN to pursue inter-finance houses trading http://t.co/INxmzCsS
Security expert warns of New Year day bomb attacks http://t.co/N0oj1XuP
Guinness re-furbishes eye Centre in Onitsha http://t.co/OOCiAsXt
Rep accuses some ministers of profligacy http://t.co/JGfJI3Tj
Ogun Assembly recommends cancellation of concession policy http://t.co/USMnPgLA
PERSONAL FINANCE: Giving – The true meaning of Christmas http://t.co/o5HX7oUU
SPDC spends N3.9 bn on community projects in Bayelsa http://t.co/pr5E0h7k
Amendment Bill on remuneration, salaries passes second reading in Delta House of Assembly http://t.co/60Euv53D
Wamakko approves N172.5 million bursary for 34 students http://t.co/TFO2zbu1
Airport users, experts laud FG on renovation of airports http://t.co/TlXqAD33
Oshiomhole wants foreign auditor to audit oil account http://t.co/ae9YIb2I
Boko Haram: FG has got its priorities wrong, says ACN http://t.co/eScVXgJE
PDP calls on Nigerians to keep faith with the nation http://t.co/qUnTgDHv
Boko Haram: Clerics call for national conference http://t.co/vrrAj1BO
Another bomb scare in Jos! http://t.co/NMsmGP2G
Nigerians accuse S/African airline of exploitation http://t.co/ok7dhS0G
Boko Haram: Northern leaders tasked on security meeting http://t.co/O3hXj33i
Suspected assassins kill 1, injure another in Ughelli http://t.co/2DkP5TO9
Spillage: Senate c’ttee recalled http://t.co/1YxotffV
NHRC raises concern over extra judicial killings in N/East http://t.co/9ikV2no2
Seydou Keita wins Mali sportsman award http://t.co/3R1uNFm8
Fashola inaugurates task force on polio eradication http://t.co/rqeMDE1f
Court dissolves 4-year-old marriage http://t.co/Q7YUuFHt
NRC to begin Lagos-Kano train service http://t.co/Xpst7aPW
Lagos residents lament hike in prices of clothes http://t.co/P1MDfYBe
Fuel Subsidy Removal: How Okonjo-Iweala convinced Jonathan,Sambo, ministers http://t.co/cdKMg469
