Shatorupa
http://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3358127093/7ca7271d050a1625a0f59c47bf0d4978_400x400.jpeg
Great Dane Meets Bird. What Happens Next Will Keep You Laughing! http://t.co/ROEw7GfDzU
@tathagata2 R to Tatha Jethu bola jabe na!  Ebar to Your Excellency bolte hobe. Congratulations from the bottom of my heart.  U deserve it.
RT @narendramodi: His bravery, courage &amp; patriotic zeal inspire us. On his birth anniversary, I bow to the proud son of India, Netaji Subha…
Ushered in the New Year with my parents at Calcutta Club, a very touching moment. Monica's presence added a special effect.
A beautiful trip with the entire family ends. A quick brush with childhood memories at Hazaribagh on the way back made it more memorable.
Looking forward to our trip to Bethla with the whole Bose family after 13 years. Won't be available on net and cell phone. Returning on 31st
Attended Michil against corruption. Now attending concluding programme at Dharmatala.
At Shahid Minar maidan celebrating 50 years of Viswa Hindu Parishad. Always proud to be a Hindu.
At Shahid Minar maidan celebrating 150 years of Viswa Hindu Parishad. Always proud to be a Hindu.
Proud to be part of today's historic  BJP programme at Victoria House. It is a tremendous moral victory for BJP West Bengal
Tumpleton arrives after finishing Class IX. Now a long annual vacation of 3 months
Privileged to have been appointed General Secretary for Mahila Morcha West Bengal.
Addressed a gathering of women from BJP Mahila Morcha, Kolkata North West at Burrabazar. Very well received.
Just finished lecturing in front of a swelling crowd at a street corner meeting in Ward 63
Wonderful time at Country Roads. Fun time with the entire Bose family
Privileged to have met the inimmitable, indomitable Dr. Subramaniam Swamy. Mesmerised by his hilarious delivery of plain universal facts.
Ma Durga returns home as the year turns around. I'm returning home to my Howrah, to the place my heart belongs.
Tumpleton"s Pujo Break begins today. He's coming down the mountains alone and will reach home tomorrow.
I want to chant with renewed conviction "Bharat abar jagat shabhay srestho ashon lobe".
When the Indian PM speaks, the world listens. Narendra Modi repeats history created by another Naren. Proud to be an Indian as always.
Agitating in front if Salt Lake AMRI with BJP workers as BJP State Committee Member.
Checked in at The Grand Oberoi http://t.co/okMOPW40PB
Addressed a gathering of Friends of BJP at Bhasha Parishad yesterday.
Out on the road campaigning door to door in Chowringhee Vidhan Sabha. Excellent response to BJP.
Thoroughly enjoying campaigning in Chowringhee Constituency. Door to door in ward 53 through the day, now addressing street corner meeting.
Privileged to have met and interacted with BJP National President yesterday.
Participating in the 2days Meeting of the BJP State Committee. Looking forward to interacting with our National President tomorrow.
Privileged to have been called to meet Union Railway Minister today at BJP State Office.
Attended Ganesh Chaturthi. I was invited by BJP Trade Cell
Yet another light at the end of yet another tunnel. I remain indomitable.:)
@swapan55 you were wonderfully witty as always. Your Bengali, unpunctuated by English, was remarkable and lucid. Loved hearing you.
Hectic weekend lined up. Mahila Samannay Boithak today followed by Meeting with Arun Jaitley tomorrow.
Bamboos are synonymous with pain and irritation. But this time of the year, bamboo piled up on roadsides lights up the heart - Ma asche.
I'll be speaking at BJP Trade Cell tomorrow at Sukanta Mancha, Phulbagan. 4-7pm
Pragati celebrates Independence Day in an unique way today,  delving on Role of Bengali Women in Indian Independence .
Sarthok janam amar jonmechi ei deshe, sarthok janam ma go tomay bhalobeshe. Amar ei deshe tei janmo. Jeno ei deshe tei mori.
Tied rakhi to fellow Kolkatans on the road
Participating in a fiery Seminar on Hindutva- Message of a New Era.
Gearing up for another step up in my life. Looking forward to newer responsibilities and experiences.
Salutations to Bharat Kesari Syama Prasad Mookerji, on his birth anniversary. Without you West Bengal would never have been part of India.
June break ends. Tumpleton and I are off to the mountains.
All my life I have believed every cloud has a silver lining. I have received ample proof of this time and again. :)
Walking in a long never ending michil. Thoroughly charged up
Attending memorial programme of Dr. Syama Prasad Mookerjee at Keoratala Mahasamsan as BJP state committee member &amp; President Mahila Morcha.
Salutations to late Dr. Syama Prasad Mookerjee on his 'bolidan dibas'. His martyrdom in Kashmir for ek nishan ek vidhan will not go in vain.
BJP West Bengal launches a fortnight long Bangla Banchao Andolan from tomorrow. Will be actively participating as State Committee Member.
My baby's home :):):):)
My brave smart Tumpleton has boarded Padatik Express alone and will arrive tomorrow for a 12 days June break.
I have developed an uncanny disgust for fish fry :-S. It's being served up a bit too often in Bengal these days.
At 2nd day of BJP State Committee Meeting
Attending BJP State Committee
I just bid a teary farewell to my heart's first Dzire.:'(
The lotus blooms all over the country.
Speaking at Beniapukur Bajar street corner public meeting now
I am scheduled to speak at Pal Bazar this evening around 6.30
Pragati started a 10 day course on soft toys at Navaneer. Pictures of inauguration on 26th April coming up.
Esho he Boishak ...botsorer aborjona dur hoye jak...muche jak glani ghuche jak jora...mayar kujjhotijal jak dure jak
Its now final. I'm not part of the Lok Sabha contestants this time Thoroughly disappointed, but my spirit remains indefatigable as always.
Attended a Holika Dahan at Beniapukur. Got smeared with pink and purple abir. I love Holi, my favourite festival.
"Boshe achi potho cheye, Phaguner I gaan geye, joto bhabi bhule jabo, mon mane na... :( "
Attending a seminar on Message of Hindutva in the new era.
Holidays over. We are leaving for Darjeeling tonight. Tumpleton all set to begin Class IX tomorrow.
Picnic with Milonee  and a Panel Discussion at Bengal Club with a quick meeting with representative of Bhukailash thrown in. Eventful Sunday
Off to enjoy a picnic while BJP State Election Committee ponders on my future in the Lok Sabha.
Rabble rousing lecture delivered to a wonderfully receptive crowd at Ballygunge Station Road.
Raring to go! Thoroughly charged up by today's brigade meeting.
Sun shunning brightly on Brigade. Celestial indication of sunnier days in Bengal.
Delivered a heartfelt lecture at Mullikbajar, the place I gave my first ever political lecture. Very well received.
Another heartfelt lecture delivered among a rapt audience at Santoshpur.
My lecture at Haltu crossing was superbly received by the general public
Just spoke at Padmapukur crossing. Unknown members of the audience came up to say I had touched their hearts.
On my way to address a BJP street corner meeting at Garia crossing
Proudly hoisting our national tricolour several times since 6.30am. May Bharat Mata keep conferring Her blessings on me like this every yr
@Zayn :). It was a political lecture and I did touch motorsports. How can I not?
Just spoke at a street corner on Jadavpur connector. The responsiveness of a gradually swelling crowd left me mesmerized.
Harvey has been invited to Tolly  Club today and has condescended to take me. :)
Remembering the man who single handedly defied the British empire and was instrumental in gifting India her freedom, Netaji.
Suchitra Sen dies, the legend lives on forever
Happy birthday to the man who universalised the most ancient, yet scientific and pragmatic religion in the world
Will be inaugurating Bihar Samaj stall at Gangasagar Mela, then addressing a street corner meeting at Dhakuria
Inauguration of Bhukailash Stall over, now about to inaugurate Sultanpur Samaj Stall at Gangasagar Mela
Loreto's standard bearers we in girlhood springtime gay.. We will always be so, all our lives. Big Hall came alive for us today again.
Fantastic evening spent with the friends I grew up with. Today we are all headed to the Big Hall to sing
I have been invited to inaugurate 3 stalls at Gangasagar Mela this year. I am honoured.
'When our school days ended are and our varied paths divide, ... May we e're be loyal and true to the school friends of today.' we did it.
Overwhelming response to my passionate lecture from crowds overflowing at Shyambajar crossing. Feels good :)
Attending a street corner at Shyambajar crossing organised by West Bengal BJP Mahila Morcha
Filled with trepidations and anticipations for the new year. May 2014 usher in new hopes and dreams for everyone. May it be fulfilling.
My speech at Gariahat was wonderfully received by a very lively crowd. So reassuring :). Ananya, Monica, Piya, thanks for coming
I am scheduled to speak at a public meeting tomorrow at Gariahat crossing at 6.30pm
Pragati pavilion inaugurated by Sayani Datta today at Milon Mela. Pictures coming up
At Milon Mela, to check construction of Pragati Pavillion in the 26th Industrial India Trade Fair, begun by my grandfather. Very nostalgic
At Milon Mela, to check construction of Pragati Pavillion in the 26th Industrial India Trade Fair, begun my grandfather. Very nostalgic
Just addressed a seminar on Cancer Awareness among Women as President Pragati
Just saw Chander Pahar. Its Hollywood in every possible way. Fantastic production. A must see for everyone.
Delivered a quick fervent lecture amidst a teeming crowd in front of Lake Market. Exhilarating response. Makes me feel alive.
I'm scheduled to speak at a street corner meeting on Friday from 7pm in front of Lake Market
I'm scheduled to speak at a street corner meeting on Friday from 7pm
RT @Adorable_Riti: #RunForUnity: 15-12-13 Kolkata Route: Shyam Bazaar 5-point crossing Starting from Netaji Statue 2 Swami Vivekananda's Ho…
Tumpleton completes Class VIII today. My smart boy will be travelling alone and arriving home tomorrow for a 3 months winter vacation.
Crowds overflowing at Hazra crossing reacting fervently to my passionate lecture. Wonderfully reassuring.
Will be speaking at a Street Corner Meeting tomorrow evening at Hazra Crossing
The Lotus blooms yet again, yet again, yet again, yet again. Hoping West Bengal will witness the bloom 5 months later.
Will be attending a BJP programme in front of Coffee House today
@swapan55 you were fantastic in today 's debate on NDTV. You put Pakistan in its place
Huge BJP gathering at Rani Rashmoni Road tomorrow. Amit Shah scheduled to speak. I shall be attending as a State Committee member.
Tumpleton turns 14 today. How time flies.
Overwhelming public response to my public lecture at Dhakuria. Immensely gratifying
Will be addressing a street corner meeting at Dhakuria this evening
@SushmaSwarajbjp Just saw your interview on NDTV. You are an epitome of restraint and dignity - a true leader always
Just finished lighting diyas in my little haven
Ooooooh the simple pleasures of life. I love my quilt. Enjoying lazing around before the hectic activities of campaign begin
Attended bijoya sammelan at BJP Howrah District office
Attended Bijoya Sammelan at BJP Howrah District office.
Pujo was wonderfully fulfilling in every possible way. :)
Pujo over. Tumpleton goes back to school today by the early morning flight
Tomorrow I cross the Ganga to go back to my roots, to my favourite place in the world, my home in Howrah, where I belong.
Inaugurated 3 pujo pandals. Today inaugurating Mullikbajar Pujo with George Baker
Tumpleton coming home tomorrow for Pujo
Presided over 26th AGM of Pragati, ladies wing of Bengal National Chamber of Commerce and Industry today
BJP West Bengal begins Lok Sabha preparations on a war footing. Candidates to be declared later
Lectured at a public meeting in a street corner near Mullikbajar. Huge audience despite downpour
Attending my first State Committee Meeting.
Addressed a Labour Union in Howrah just now
Hectic day. Whenever I hoist the National Tricolour and the flag unfurls lovingly I feel the blessings of Mother India filling my soul.
4 flag hoistings tomorrow. Busy day
Today Mahila Morcha South Kolkata presented Amar Desher Mati an evening of patriotic songs which was very well received by audience.
Agitation for Gorkhaland shuts down St. Paul's Darjeeling for an infinite duration. Tumpleton flying down alone tomorrow. What now?
Seminar at Pragati on Violence Against Women a grand success. Packed hall with media. Pictures coming up
Will be presiding over Pragati seminar on Violence against Women  on Wednesday 31st July at 3.30 pm. All are welcome at BNCCI.
Will be presiding over Pragati seminar on Violence against Women  on Thursday 31st July at 3.30 pm. All are welcome at BNCCI.
Attended seminar on the occasion of 150th Birth Anniversary of Sir Asutosh Mukherjee held at Bangla Academy
Now continuing reading 'The life and times of Dr. Syama Prasad Mookerjee'
Finished reading "And the Mountains Echoed". Not so gripping
Reading"And the Mountains Echoed". Gripping
On a spree of campaigning for Panchayat. Thoroughly enjoying
Attended 113th birth anniversary of Bharat Kesari Dr. Syama Prasad Mookerji as President Mahila Morcha, S. Kolkata
Visited Manickpur Chaitali Sangha as President, Pragati. Saw their fair and spoke to them about Entrepreneurship. Pictures coming up.
The hills are beautiful when the rains take a break. In Darjeeling dropping off Tumpleton. End of June break
At Keoratala Mahashamsan as President BJP Mahila Morcha attending memorial service of  Dr. Syama Prasad Mookerjee on his Balidan Divas.
Homeward bound :)
@SushmaSwarajbjp I need your advice on my plan of action. I also need to discuss the Pragati programme
@SushmaSwarajbjp I am at CR Park and would require one hour prior notice to come over. I have become Mahila Morcha President for South Kol
@SushmaSwarajbjp I haven't been able to contact Dubeyji. Is it not possible to meet you for half hour at your convenience any time today?
@SushmaSwarajbjp Madam I contacted your office but I was told you are leaving for abroad tomorrow and it is not possible to meet today.
@SushmaSwarajbjp I have been in Delhi since 25th May. My father had a major operation at Gangaram. I didn't disturb you earlier. :)
@SushmaSwarajbjp Sushmaji, please conced to attend my programme at Pragati. I am in Delh till 15th. Is it possible to meet you?
Loreto House tops ISC. It's but natural 'Loreto's name each girl reveres and holds it ever blest'. :)
Babai admitted in Gangaram hospital. Major surgery tomorrow.
Leaving for Delhi for Babai's Whipple Procedure.
Pragati presents Prane Probashi Pakhir Shur by Bonanza today at Gyan Manch was fantastic. My sympathies for those who missed it.
Addressed a delegate of Nari Moitri from Bangladesh as President, Pragati.
Watched fascinating performance of Takes from Shakespeare. Extracts from 6 plays.
BJP bike rally stopped midway &amp; our meeting at Hazra was stopped by police. So we walked in a long protest march.
Will be addressing public meeting on Sunday from 4.30pn at Hazra This is part of BJP Bangla Banchao programme.
Swelling crowd emitting resounding applause to my speech at Tollygunge today :)
Will be addressing public meeting today from 6.30pm at Tollygunge Phari. This is part of BJP Bangla Banchao programme.
Fascinating performance by Calcutta Club members. Chandragupta Maurya &amp; his mentor Chanakya seemed to come alive spanning aeons.
Will be participating in BJP Bangla Banchao Rally tomorrow. We'll be walking down Central Avenue from our office upto Metro Channel.
Red letter day with NaMo
I was honoured to be Guest of Honour at Ma Shitala Mandir of Hastings today.
Took part in celebrations for BJP foundation day today as State Committee Member.
For those referring Naren Bhai as Yamraj, they should remember Yamraj is also the Dharmaraj.
@tathagata2 Yamraj is also the Dharmaraj. Finally Dharma will be reinstated in India
'Sthal e jol e bono tol e laglo j dol..'
Everytime I get lost I seek refuge in the Gita and the Gitobitan. The fog  in front clears albeit gradually.
Every time I get used to a particular way of life, destiny throws up yet another challenge...
Will be part of a procession walking from Planetarium to office of DC South to submit a deputation today from 1.30pm
Privileged to have met Smt Vasundhara Raje and to be part of a programme felicitating her. Stark contrast with the CM we are doomed with
Highly invigorated by my visit to Bhu Kailash.
@SushmaSwarajbjp Madam, your speech was fantastic. Am proud to be part of BJP with a leader like you
2 days Orientation Workshop for Entrepreneurship Development Programme begins tomorrow at Pragati
@SushmaSwarajbjp Madam thank you for granting me an audience today. It was an historical privilege for me.
@SushmaSwarajbjp Madam, I will be Delhi this Monday - Thursday. Will be privileged if you allow me to call on you at your convenience.
@SushmaSwarajbjp Hope you are completely recovered from your viral bout. Best wishes for the Pujas
Have become the youngest President of Pragati (ladies wing of Bengal National Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry. Tenure 2 years
Addressed The Church of North India on the Bhagavad Gita, Got a standing ovation.
Am scheduled to inaugurate Ganga Sagar Mela on Sunday January 08, 2012
@SrBachchan Sir, Great Danes love hugging that way. I have had 3 Great Danes. I know the feeling of that hug
@tathagata2 So relieved to see you back. Will get in touch. Lots to talk about
@SushmaSwarajBJP Congratulations, Madam
Invited by the Legal Aid Forum and spoke extempore to my heart's content about the man of my dreams - Netaji. Applauded heavily.
Attended programme of Friends of BJP. Excellent deliberations by Tathagata Roy and Swapan Dasgupta
Yesterday was a red letter day day for me having received Advaniji's blessings for the first time. I was completely tongue tied.
Met Advaniji for the first time. On being told I had bn a 'laraku' candidate he seemed glad because he had thought only Mamata was 'laraku'
@SrBachchan Have been your avid fan (specially since you grew older). Now more so since you tweeted you have a Great Dane. I love dogs.
@narendramodi Sir, I have become a tremendous fan of your truly Secular attitude. Have been a part of BJP since the age of 15.
@SushmaSwarajBJP  Thank you Sushmaji. Looking forward to guidance and affection from you in my path on the BJP ideology.
@SushmaSwarajBJP Am an avid dog lover and am quite in love with your Rakshak. :)
@SushmaSwarajBJP I was a candidate from Ballygunge, in the recent West Bengal Vidhan Sabha Elections.
@SushmaSwarajBJP Am a great fan of yours and you are one of the major reasons for my joining BJP.
Off to Tripura for the 3rd time. Have been called for repeat session of Change Management for Agartala Municipal Council
Life seems poised for a big change and i am feeling brave as usual
Back from Agartala
Rain has a beautiful way of showering one with romantic nostalgia, soothing loneliness and enveloping melancholy
Just cant seem to regain my strength back. :(
Back home after a long ardous stay at Belle Vue
"The hills are alive with the sound of music"... Off to Darjeeling to see my baby, for his Easter break. Back on Monday
Going to Howrah for Tubul's son's annaprashan
Waiting for new work. Very excited about new social welfare projects at Midnapore
